Great food. Try the chop its huge.friendly service and down home atmosphere.
Very average Toronto Thai food - nothing to write home about.
Food was amazon, service great too. A little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
I recommend there orange chicken and Mongolian beef probably one of my top 5 Asian restaurants
I have eaten here for years and never had a bad roll. I love the screamin O its my favorite.
Amazing decor and people watching... a bit pricey- but everything is in Vegas!   100% worth it!
Everything in the store smells delicious. I love the bath bombs. The peach bomb made my skin soft.
From San Diego and first time here. Had the Red White and Blue burger and was incredible.
Food was just OK. Seemed like microwaved dinner. The price is OK. Just a one time visit for me
Wonderful Greek cuisine we had the chicken and the pork with with chocolate cake for dessert
Lizzie is amazing. Simply the best. She made my hair look beautiful, vibrant, and purple!
5 stars, no doubt. Enjoyed the bone in rib-eye, lobster and Ultimate Margarita.
Great food and service. Tried this place few times and experience and food quality was consistent.
You're missing out if you haven't eaten here.  Your taste buds are in for a treat.  Superb!
I love the macaroons ! Danielle is always so friendly and helps me pick out new flavors every time
I love grabbing brunch at cracked egg with family. It has a great family setting and good food!
Very nice staff. Relaxed atmosphere. Nice addition to the South Mountain area. Speedy service.
Best Mexican food in the East Valley!  Dining in or take-out, service is always very good.
Great burgers, I wouldn't say they're over the top best, but they sure are good.
Great Place for dancing and meeting new people.. everyone is welcome
Love chipotle! This one has the slowest line in town!Not well staffed!
Omg the food is to die for. I am so happy I stumbled upon this place. This place is AMAZING
Good ambiance but the food is very mediocre and way way over priced for what it is.
Staff gets 5 stars! Food not so much. Had the pasta bar and the white sauce was not fresh.
Amazing detail to constructing a cup of coffee, the bourbon espresso flight is great1
Menu is a scam. Mediocre taste. Next time I'd visit Ramen Bar right across the street.
Why weren't u open at 6:00 p.m. tonite when we came by? Very disappointed in finding you closed!!!
I dont really like sharwama but my co-worker convinced me to stop by for lunch. Its good food. :-)
Nice atmosphere, good food. A little pricy but I guess that's how things are in downtown PHX
Service was excellent and food was amazing. Well worth the drive from Newcastle!
Great service- The crew was on time and finished the job quickly. My tile is super clean thank you
Great food and exceptional service. Chef Matt has created a wonderful dining experience.
Food and coffee both amazing! Staff super friendly and helpful, we will definitely be coming back
Great place! Unique dishes here with Mediterranean theme. Very popular and great for brunch.
Not the best Indian restaurant but it will do!
This is no longer Guardian who was bought out by Safelight and this location has been closed.
New owner, the menu had been changed. Highly not recommended.  The noodle dish is really bland.
Pizza my dear has become our favorite place for pizza. Hands down the best we have found.
Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable!
Took amazing care of my little brat. He was happy as a clam coming from his teeth cleaning.
The pizzas are absolutely AMAZING!
Worst reuben sandwich I've ever had and $13, to boot. Slow service. $7 Fat tires.
Clean and respectful! People are friendly and attentive! The avocado toast was excellent!
Did a pool repair that lasted for two days. Now they won't return my call. Would not recommend.
Delicious food and great service. The patio is dog friendly too! Awesome omeletes de la casa
If you can't stand the heat, get out of Los Dos Molinos.  The food is great, but hot.
Favorite breakfast. Huge portions. Best blueberry pancakes. Baked berry French toast even better!
best chicken tandoori and mango pudding ever tasted! complementary nan is decent
Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.
love this place!!! love the fuel perks!
Extremely delicious dishes served in decent sized portions. Owner is very nice too. Must try!!
Lots of open tables yet long delay to be seated. Service was very slow. Food average.
Always love this place...
Terrible service. Slow, un-educated, Rip off artists.
The strawberry fro-yo was the best I've ever had in a long time! I also loved the location.
No doubt, best persian dessert place in toronto! The ab havij with ice cream IS BOMBBBB
2nd chance and FAILED again! I will never again come to this place!
The food is amazing and very well served! Try the fried avocado, the fajitas and the sabrosa.
Amazing food. Oyako and Gyudon  was amazing. Great service too.
Our food was Cold and the fries taste like we're eating salt packs. 1st and last time eating here.
The Food. The atmosphere. The bar. I love it. Great food. Chill vibes. All local. Charlotte staple.
The best Mexican tacos in Vegas! Customer service is what matters!!     Avocados are fresh too ! ;)
Good curry puffs. Crispy rice salad too salty. Pad Thai a bit greasy. Not planning on returning.
A great fusion of Americanized Chinese cuisine with Mexican style.
Excellent cookies and chocolate torts  ... kinda pricey but worth it ...
Wine? Yes. Food? No. Stay away from the lobster bisque...too fishy.
Great food great value and more authentic than a lot of places i've been
Gabe is great and the only person i trust to handle all of my personal and business insurance needs!
Amazing coffee and nice conversations! The ambience of the place is amazing. Will be back for more.
Fish tacos were lackluster at best...  Baja Rolls were eh..
Authentic enough to please my mother in law from Vietnam! Great place to have in the area.
I went to stone and vine and it sucked the food sucked the service sucked
Best vegan pizza ever. The vegan calzone is phenomenal also. Non-Vegan friends love it too.
Absolutely rude service and only half the hotel is renovated! Worst stay ever!!!!
Food was great, waitress was horrifically rude. Must be the worst waitress ever! Tip? None!
Amazing eggs benny. Trendy ambiance too.
Best fast burgers. Cool concept for retro service and style.
Perfect kitschy, greasy spoon. Will make this a regular stop in Vegas!
Great italian food. Like homemade
large menu, good service, food is good, Usually a long wait for lunch or dinner, place is very loud.
A go there for a simple reason. Darren can cut a flat top. The location is good. The hours work.
Incredible food, awful service. Yet I'm still giving 5 stars...the food is that good!
Just a great show. My favorite part of the show was during " While my guitar gently weeps"
Open until midnight. Huge menu. International menu offerings. Large servings. Don't forget dessert!
I went to Red Robin in Summerlin. I ordered take out. Great atmosphere!
Always fresh bagels and a lovely staff. Go there and they already know my order.
Really amazing.  Great feel and unique.  Really good change of pace for Cleveland too!
Appalling service and cleanliness for a new location. They will be lucky if they make it.
Shaken beef and pho! Small dining area but worth the wait and worth the trip. Check it out!
I've been coming here for years. Kurt is a great guy and has taken great care of my car.
Chicken combo platter is where it's at.  Light healthy food.  It's high in my rotation
Update: I have pnuemonia and they've screwed up my prescriptions again. NEVER. EVER. AGAIN.
Very good costumer service and professional tech. ..so frendly and also serve Boba tea..love it))
Great food great service and very quaint. Nice outdoor seating.
Best NY style pizza in AZ. Hospitality is 2nd to none.
Best in Las Vegas. Bianca is also hands-down the best massage therapist at Massage Envy.
Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
Fresh, homemade cookies delivered to your door!!!! I love being a millennial :)
Good first experience. Second was unfortunately my last
Good place for nice cheap dim sum. The waiters always look unhappy though. Cheer up people!
This place is pretty good, grate coffee and customer service people working here are pretty chill
Jubilee is great, especially when you get complimentary tickets from Bally's as a hotel guest.
Best Thai food in Vegas! Great service and seriously the most authentic Thai food I've had!
Solid guys. Cleaned and repaired my carpets. Reasonable and competent.
Online ordering is a bit confusing. Kept me waiting well past the scheduled pickup time.
The food isn't that good. Kids fries came out cold and too any dogs and I would come back. Sorry!
Best fresh, consumed on the premise. Since we live out of town, we stock up until our next visit.
Bestvtaco spot ive ever been to they have a wide range of flavors. I love this spot lol
Best bbq in AZ.  Parking is a nightmare and the line is always long, but it's all well worth it.
All I have to say is YUM!!!! Chicken tikka masala, samosas, and a naan. No other words are needed!!
Excellent place to pick up your books for a low price. Much better then the UNLV Bookstore.
Excellent food , service ! Authentic top notch Mexican.my new fav place ! Highly recommend
Delicious food! Will be back again for sure. Enjoyed the honey walnut prawns and fish maw soup!
Wish I had read reviews.  The pepperoni pretzel was friggin NASTY  Do not eat here. Yuck
Like walking through a tool and garden catalog.
I can't get enough of crafty burger goodness. Oh. My. Godddddddddddd yes
Eyebrows waxed and my skin was peeled off my eyelids.  Probably will leave me with scares.
Great selection of food, very tasty and fresh. The staff is also friendly and accommodating.
Was hoping for an amazing experience but it's just ok food. Not horrible but nothing special.
Delicious tacos must try nachos are super good, great staff and friendly  you won't be disappointed
Fun atmosphere (indoor/outdoor seating), family friendly, great food, great service, clean facility.
Irean was wonderful. Friendly, calm and skillful. Love my brows.
Good food with very friendly service. I would recommend!
Great place to get ur nails done! Went here randomly on a Sunday night and then did a great job!!!!
Great Coffee! Comfortable, Cool atmosphere and great guitar music on Saturday mornings.
Been here twice and the food has been great both times. Best Fajitas ive tasted hands down!!!
Pretty decent dim sum and wonton soup.  A good choice if you're getting a bit tired of Vegas food.
Great place, good food. I really like the back patio area/bar.
It's more than a hotel. The best Venetian of Las Vegas and Macau.
Boo! They're closed! Sadness. CLE needs more good Greek food!
Incredibly professional, knowledgeable, fair and customer service oriented.
Staff is super sweet & this place delivers. Portions are HUGE!! Will definitely come back.
This place is amazing! So glad we found it. The boba gnush and hummus were incredible.
The guys were very helpful and cool to deal with. I got a great haircut in a cool location.
amazing food, cocktails & service - a great date spot, we really enjoyed our time on the patio
Way overpriced. You need a magnifying glass to see the portions. Pretentious and tasteless.
The best burgers pretty much anywhere for a great price! The galley boy is to die for!
Animal style is the best. Can never get enough of In-N-Out. Line always moves fast at this location.
Fast and great service... Good bar/Greek food... Great music selection... Will return
The best service for a theater. The manager is very friendly they try hard to help community.
Serious slice of pizza.  It's HUGE!  Taste's great.  Try them, you'll love the pizza.
I ordered a medium steak but it was cooked beyond well done. The service was poor as well.
Enjoyed the tex mex burrito w/steak.
The Candy store is awesome. The ice cream is delicious, add putt putt great way to spend a birthday
Always delicious... I usually go about once a week for the teriyaki chicken yakisoba noodle bowl
Knowledgeable and super friendly these hometown heroes get 5 stars!
This is the only buffet in Las Vegas you should eat at. The breakfast there is amazing.
This place was amazing! Waiter was very helpful in selecting menu options for our co workers.
Looking for a great experience in hair cutting. See Meghan.... One of the best in Las Vegas
Great spot. Nice people. It is my favorite yogurt place.
Good food east side of building  outside is absolutely disgusting trash everywhere it's gross
Fav spot in the city, amazing food, drinks, cozy, great staff and owners!
Very cozy inside. I liked the chairs too. Pho ya was good and loved the deep fried spring rolls!
reliably good food. nice portions for the price.
Cant go wrong with this place specialy if you need a family eat out spot.
Their crab bendict is AMAZING!!! So yummy for brunch and mimosas!! Definitely will be back!!
I tried their curried special for lunch and this is my second visit....great Indian Food
great food and a great atmosphere, huge patio to unwind after a tough day, great staff
The food is very good!  Authentic Thai.  Good lunch specials...fair prices...and very good service.
Nice atmosphere and fun to sit on patio but really average food. I had the ice cream sandwich
Always delicious! Orange chicken is a must have, they use real orange peels in their sauce.
Great service, and great food. The wine was delicious and the food was so good and fulling.
Love this place and have been going for over 10 years! Always honest and reliable. Great service!!
The Bulleit Rye Manhattan is a good starter. Trust the staff from there.
They are my go-to for eyebrow threading :) and henna for my sister. They do a wonderful job :)
Unique, fresh, quality burger! Super nice customer service and food made fresh to order!
I would rather have medium poached eggs and wheat toast here... than any dessert offered worldwide.
Food was ight but workers gave a good vibe 10/10
The staff here are so friendly and the food is yummy. The pastries are always delicious.
Awesome food. Great price and clean restaurant. Will be back. Gyro was delicious . Very nice people
Amazing steaks and the ranch house oarsis are awesome!!! BEST local place for steaks and vino.
Love the menu names and the food! I come here for ice cream and their amazing sides. .
I would totally recommend the bacon jalape o grilled cheese.  Delicious!
Good place to hit before the UNLV games.  Good food and of course fun crowd with great beers.
This place stinks!
Great lunch. Big menu, ordered the salmon on romaine salad. Look forward to coming back at night.
Always fresh and flavorful. Love the kebabs and falafel bowls. Please open one on the southwest!
This is my new goto lunch spot.  The bowls are amazing and you really can't go wrong.
Always a Nekter fan! Great bowls and juices! Have had rough customer service a few times.
Great place to see a $2 movie or $1.50 movie on Tuesday. Price for drinks and popcorn is good too.
This experience is worth the money!  The food is top notch & the service is excellent!
Exceptional tanning facility, superior customer service. Seriously a great place to tan!
Combo 1 was very good, meat tasted fresh and especially loved the fries.  Will be back
The food was really good. The only reason for 4 stars is the noise. Not a good dinner atmosphere
Excellenet food evrything evryone had was great
Been in Madison 3 years. Hands down my favorite place to eat. Great service, good food, super cheap.
Loved the fresh coconut bars!! Every bite had chunks of fresh coconut. Very unique flavors to try!
Thin crispy pizza I've been looking all over the city!!! Wow it's so good and thin I love it!!!!
I loved this place. Very creative vegetarian dishes. I will definitely come back here.
The food is mediocre.  The menu is very limited. Panera is much better with many more choices.
Great food, never have been disappointed, but not quite my favorite Sonoran.
Moroccan home cooking!  Abdul runs an incredible place here.  A small, simple, and incredible menu.
Best hummus in town! Good service & food. Love to stop by for dinner whenever in town.
The salad and soup are very well made.  And th customer service is really great here.
I had the lamb here as I love lamb.  It was AMAZING!!!  All I can say is wow.   I will def be back!!
A great, quaint little cafe in Lacolle. Friendly staff and yummy food. Note - not open on Sundays.
Heart attack platter, yes.  Delicious southern food, of course.
Best thai food in the East Valley. Just indulged myself in the Red Curry. Amazing flavor.
First time here...love it!  Great arena, legroom, acoustics.  Came for George Strait.
Definitely worth a visit . Pretty authentic on couple of dishes , ambience can be improved on .
Good Mediterranean place to eat. Pita bread is good and the chicken shawarma is amazing.
Karen said 2-1/2 "Tastes like every other pizza chain" but I'll say 3 "Good mushrooms and crust"
A rip off ,staff is not friendly ,food and drinks overpriced,golf overrated.  And rooms are small.
Just found out they closed their doors!!! as of 08/01/2011!!!
The red bean bread was even heavy with huge filling of red bean paste. Nice place to hang out.
This place bases it's success on good quality food and fast service. That's all I really want.
Classic diner type restaurant. Great "old Vegas" atmosphere. Good food!!
just asking where Angie and Alisha went... Thanks...
great people, I love my henna :) they were pretty busy & still fit me in last minute! will go back!
Food was pretty good. I'm not a big Mexican food person but enjoyed the food while I was there.
Grest coffee and friendly service! I'm excited to make this spot one of my new regular places!
Forgot how good the food is here..Damn they need one in Yuma!!!
Waiter was good, but drink/assistant waiter was the best.   Food was good.   Not great, but not bad.
Best Chinese food that I could find in Las Vegas, and inside an (affordable) casino to boot!
First honest auto mechanic I've been to. Very fair and good customer service.
Online ordering + spinach pasta salad with fresh mozzerella = 5 stars
Food is average . Staff is alright. I'd give it a 5 star if they'd knock the price down a bit.
There is NO car wash at this location! Thanks for wasting my lunch break
Well..  They did say they were sending a few gift cards out for my mother but we never received any.
Yeah, they aren't that good anymore. Also, no creme brulee....BOO!
This is a fun colorful restaurant. If u like breakfast food, they have a lot of choices.
The food was pretty good, but the drinks way over priced. So, if you go, skip the cocktail.
Marie-fleur, le chef, est excellente ! Menu qui varie, plat succulents, ambiance excellente.
This one's easy--best brisket sandwich outside of New York.
Love this place! Great deals and menu, cheese curds are incredible!! Love coming for football games!
The best or one of the best Pizzerias Around Las Vegas, enough said.
A-MAZA-INGGGG.  We had a work dinner so we had tons of small plates and every single this was great.
I was sad to see this place close. The scotch bonnet sauce was delish.
Radicchio on the fly! Had just what I needed and always very friendly and helpful.
Strong and cheap drinks, amazing talent/staff! Always a nice place to hang out Sunday nights!
Never had a bad meal here.  The selection is great and the drink menu is much, much, much improved!
Awesome restaurant, good service, fresh quality food with a broad menu to choose from.
Fun, lively atmosphere, great beer list, good service. Well priced. Would go back for sure!
I ordered a java chip frappucino and it was totally watered down and not icy.  A total rip off.
Great for fast, good tasting Mexican food. Bean and cheese burrito or super nachos are great.
My favourite grilled chicken is from here. They have the best hot sauce and pork rinds!
Great atmosphere and scotch, food wasn't great and pricey though.
deli service is always lazy! dirty! management needs to step in and make some changes!!!
We always use Sky Harbor Parking!  Always fast and courteous.
Very nice staff and great sellection
Clean, updated facility. Staff VERY accommodating!  Beautiful pool area. Would stay here again
Yummy breakfast before going to our cabana. crunch french toast is a must!
Yes I am definitely a fan...a place to experience a little of mexico.
Delicious! Great breakfast; the sausage gravy biscuits are phenomenal and totally homemade!
Amazing authentic thai, off the beaten track!  Small cozy restaurant, strongly recommend.
Love to be able to create your own pizza. Light sauce and cheese. Fast only 20 min.
Very slow service. Food is just OK. They also charge 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more.
Great shave hot towels and menthol shaving cream even cleaned up the back of my my neck
I went here last week I really like the food there , very good oisters  I'm definitely coming back
Duplicate location
Love the rare cheese tart! A little bit hard to find this place, it's kind tiny store.
I don't understand the mediocre reviews.  The pizza is delicious and the service is good.
Another great dinner at Tavolino tonight! Such a friendly atmosphere. Unpretentious and delicious!
Super cheap drinks and refills here.  Enjoy waffling the strip with a fresh drink.  Yum!
Home made! country style on the Tip of Hochelaga district.
Generous portions delicious and refreshing!
I have had a great experience so far with Dr Talley and staff.
I love Archi's. It's my favorite place to go for Thai. The Spicy Basil with chicken is delicious!
I want to like this place.  I've been here 3 times and it's is ridiculously slow.   Zero service.
Try your bagel steamed. Love the atmosphere.
Really tasty sandwich and a good amount of fries. I had a great time and got food quickly.
great place, great teachers. really flexible schedule.
Rude staff. Not clear about rules and regulations. Too expensive and not worth it
Service was terrible, was ignored 3 times by the waitress, food was ok, price was descent.
Delicious tortas. Wonderful food and great customer service. So happy that we found this place.
Three big issues: Cork in wine glass Wrong pasta order came out  Hair in salad   Service...not great
Does what it says on the label. Nothing particularly unique, but a solid office store.
I love Starbucks! This place very clean, friendly staff, quick service, and great drinks!!!
Un peu comme chez moi ... oups !! Vraiment un bel  tablissement ;-)
my go-to combination: 190 Octane mixed with Strawberry
Yummmmm! Best pizza ever!! The pepperoni is so good. I wish I could eat it every day.
It's just another hamburger with some exta options. So be prepared to drop some cash on a burger.
Good but not great. A bit icy. I like a creamier version.
Terrific food and service. Vegan! But carnivores will also probably like it!
Our entire family loves Artisen!! We love the unique flavors and that it is all natural.
If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.  food is very lame n tasteless .
One of the best steaks in Las Vegas. Absolutely get the bone-in ribeye for two. It is extraordinary.
The food is awesome, the place is lively, and fun.  Melt always delivers satisfaction
Interesting exhibit.  Lots of fun and informative with respect to this part of the marvel universe
Great tequila list, good happy hour/appetizers. Variety of tacos was disappointing.
Typical tex-mex chain restaurant. Average food at reasonable prices. Service was good.
Always happy leaving IHOP. Classic pancakes and coffee every time. Nothing better than that.
This place is a gem in the desert. Went for happy wide variety of $5 sushi.
Good food and nice service. The patio is great, and there is not much inside dining.
Get the Spinach Artichoke Chicken it comes with rice, but I sub mash potatoes. It's awesome!!
I used to go there with my Dad just to window shop.
Great service and great pho. Fried rice is amazing.
If you can overlook the weird atmosphere there, the deep fried pickles are great!
Excellent place!, I highly recommend. Very nice people, great treatments. Love them!
Its a nice place to shop for daily needs , snacks like candy beverages or photos and pharmacy
One of my Favorite places! The service is good and so is the ambiance. Love the Steak Salad.
Not that great. Doubt I'll ever order there again. But the driver was cool. Pizza was horrible
They always greet you with a smile and the food never fails to be great!!! Always a job well done
The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service, always friendly.
Mac n cheese burger and the onion rings were huge and delicious. Our waitress was awesome too.
1st time eating here Got a burger, fries, hot dog, cookie, and drink for $5 Can't lose with that
Decent service and drinks (Mill Street Stout) when I went today. I haven't tried the food yet.
Fast and Knowledgeable!!!!! Mike, Joe and the team are the best.
Waited over an hour to receive a to-go slice of cheesecake because the ticket was lost.
Finally made it. Food & drink ok but great concept & entertainment venue. Recommended
Food was bland and dry.   I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has great taste buds.
I LOVE their "Loaded Skillet" breakfast. So good. One of my favorite breakfast restaurants
Best Vietnamese food in Charlotte! I recommend getting the summer rolls along with any pho
Not the standard menu, it was called the "international menu" good food, great service.
Family out for breakfast, Great service, good food, right off the 10 freeway so very convenient.
So many bones in the duck...yuck!  Overall a miss on every level.  I wont be back.
Great meal, excellent staff, amazing ambiance!  Another Fox success.  We will be back for sure.
Wonderful!! Great food! Great desserts!!!! Great people and the ambience is great! Love it!!!
Buffet was ok Tasted weird sometimes Good decor Good catering service Delicious chutney
.Isn't what it used to be. Barely any store opened anymore.
I love this place! Renee is wonderful and I couldn't be happier with my color and cut!
Came here a couple months back and the women working here were wonderful and extremely kind
Tasteless guacamole and salsa. Rubios is much better!!
Nice pub with usually great fish n chips.  We go often early evening and it's never been crowded.
Cozy little restaurant with great pizza and a great atmosphere.
Beautiful decor, good service.  Clean and neat.  Decent fresh food with reasonable pricing.
I love this sandwich shop I stopped going to all other sandwich shops . This is my place
Kandy is the best. Been going here for 9 years!! Color is her specialty. Highly recommended
Always a GREAT mexican restaurant...the salsa is PERFECT!
We came for dinner. Some stuff was good, like the poutine, the trout and the chicken.
Shamika did an amazing job on my hair!!! She has a positive attitude! Great conversation!
Nice price for dinner & lots of sushi options. I would like to go back!
Great bee, food, games, and service.  Do yourself a favor and check them out!  You won't regret it!
It is a really good place to grap a grilled cheese. The portions are huge, so be ready to eat
Food not so good. Service was blah. Nothing special. Drinks were strong and music good
Mike was an amazing bartender and has an uncanny ability for figuring out what you like to drink.
Fabulous pedicure. The foot and leg massage was the best I've ever had. Massage chair was great too!
The pizza sauce was delicious. Fresh ingredients. Garlic knots and chicken wings are awesome.
Fabulous store (very packed!), but they seem to have everything! Very knowledgeable staff too
I just love this place. I eat here whenever i can. The freshest ingredients, and the nicest staff.
This office is horrible. Security guard was rude. Doesn't list what whey do and don't do.
Always excellent food and great service led by Mike the manager. This place is always consistent .
How the hell in the world shawarma & donair place charges for Hummus?? Thats call being greedy.
What's not to like about this place?  It's a friendly, bustling little diner. Very busy on weekends.
The BEST gluten-free dessert options in the valley. Helpful staff, decent prices.
This coffee menu is so creative and each drink is crafted to perfection!
It is dark inside, therefore make me dont want to buy it anymore
Hands down my favorite cafe in the valley. I go specifically for the brownies, they're made of GOLD
Awesome! Love the Orange chicken and their green tea! Portion sizes are huge....plenty to take home.
Clean ambiance.  Tasty wrap.  Served hot with lots of customization.  A great lunch spot.
Fox is a genius. Never had bad service, staff so friendly and quality of food is top notch.
Great milk tea. Not as sweet as some of the bubble tea places in the states. Def recommended
Best time to go is during happy hour 3-7pm otherwise there is better Mexican food for the money!
good food good medium hot salsa good price.  the soda is a little expensive but that's everywhere.
Excellent service and friendly staff plus for the price they offer, its well worth it.
Good sushi! Especially, with the slim pickings in South Phoenix. There Vegas roll is the best!
The absolute best hair stylist I've ever been to!!! I love my hair and so does everyone else.
Lamb wrap was delicious. Mushroom soup was nice too. We really enjoyed the patio outside.
Good food. Friendly staff. Quick. Tots are a little salty but overall really good food.
Yeah, Dan, is a good man. But the phone is disconnected so I assume he has moved on. Geo
Upscale hukah cafe . Good music, good vibes with comfortable seating that suits a hukah lounge.
I have to laugh reading the other reviews because I had exactly the same experience.
i like to play here now and then , i will have to try food and get back to properly review
This bar is great! The Happy Hour is unbeatable and the whole place has a great vibe.
Nice & fancy restaurant, expensive, but not impressive menu, gr8 service, not coming back
Oh my, the gigantic Nutella crepes are just as delicious as I remember.
Yummy food, definitely worth a try. Most notable items were Jerk chicken and ox tail croquettes!
Overpriced but good. I'm from New York so I know a good bec. I recommend the Fairfax with bacon.
Some of the best bbq in town. Friendly service and good food is a tough combination to beat.
Don't get the ice blended drinks they taste like pure powder! Such a big waste of money.
Big big improvements! Friendly staff! Smooth chill like place to hang .great for drinks & dinner!
Jack and the whole team at ICE were awesome. Great quality, great service, HIGHLY recommend!
Love the buffalo chicken dip and the 4 dollar long islands... Staff is great.
Farmer burger had everything I like in a burger but it didn't really stand out the way I hoped.
Love this place!!! drinks, chips, salsa, bean dip and the fajitas were delish!! Good service too!
e-a-g-l-e-s ......eaglesssss!
As good as it gets, the closest to a Croissant from France.  Hands down the best in the city.
The overall experience was fantastic..I will forever come back to this place for kbbq
Only come for their whole duck =9
Love this place. Amazing service. Super friendly. Always delicious! Our favorite breakfast joint!
Rudest customer service ever! And no carts while you shop. I will not be purchasing carters again
Love living here but they wanted to raise my rent $130/mo. for a 6 month lease so I am moving out.
Great food and service.  The Green Curry is excellent. The staff is very friendly and attentive.
Went here in a recommendation,  portions and service were great, pho soup base a little sweet.
Candy store meets club.  Offspring is sweet yet a little wild.
My son loved his sandwich. My quiche was ok. Prices were very affordable. I recommend this place.
They did a great job.  The prices are very fair and a good atmoshphere
Very quick service and delicious gyro wraps in pita bread.
Great sandwiches, camembert yum!
They've always taken care of all my needs. Easy to make appointments and quick service.
Excellent coffee, friendly people. Not the most comfortable patio area but it's nice.
Tried to call in an order today & the phone was disconnected.
Incredible smells, food, & staff. If you don't know about this place you will not be disappointed.
Their website is no longer working.  That's never a good sign.
Recently I had RCT done and they did it very well. I am impressed. It din't hurt me at all.
 
On time and the price exactly as quoted. Used for rekeying a new house and will recommend!
I've had a great experience each time I've come here! Love the concept
Super fun place had huge beer pong and some grass furniture, we went on roller blading day
Great Kailua pork. Garlic shrimp was just like I had in Hawaii. We will definitely go back.
They have special discounts on wings on Wednesday. Not the best, but good for a grad student! :)
I ordered the green Chile chicken enchiladas an they were delicious! Can't wait to go back!
Fast food asian. Not great, but probably a step up from panda. Eh
Had the laulau plate tonight and it was amazing. Great local staff as well. Will be back.
I really like this place. The staff is very friendly. The food is also good and not expensive.
Taco Monday is where it's at! Also, get the Brussels sprouts nachos, so unique and delicious.
Fantastic experience here. Great eye exam and a nice selection of frames.
La comida estaba buen simo me quedo lleno y con ganas de comer m s me e canta le m sica y la gente.
Food okay.  Bad service!!!  Not worth the money.  We will never go back.
I had their black sesame ice cream...delicious...I love black sesame...so asian of me.
The big wac is always a great go to! The meal is incomplete without a delicious Nami!
one of the best bagles in montreal. Smells so good and my favorite is seasome and poppy seed
Amazing and fresh as always and everybody already knows that. PINK LEMONADE IS AMAZING!!!!!!
Stopped in to get their NEW Chicken Sandwich.  Never again! see photo of what I got.
Open 24 hours. Much less crowded than Wal-Mart but a little more expensive.
Love the pizza and the wings haven't tried anything else yet but I sure will ever soon
Super easy to work with. Quick turn around. So happy with the design. Exactly as agreed upon!
Excellent service as usual from Duwan tonight!! Nice clean place.. the food and service is great!
Just placed an order through the Jamba app...I love the convenience of the app & ordering pick up!
Blush is awesome. It's clean and really nice inside. Megan is super talented! I love my hair!
Absolutely love this place, I walk in and immediately have a shit eating grin!!!! \m/ \m/
I found this place on Yelp. It's close to my house and the service is fast and friendly. Thanks!
One of my go to places for quick and good quality food. Excellent staff and dining area.
How can you discontinue your $6 burgers??? One local spot that is losing their charm.
I will have to go there four times this week to achieve my goal as duke of delasantos (hiccup)
Great, fast enchiladas. It feels like the enchilada version of Chipotle. But less corporate!
Consistently good Mexican food, fair prices and friendly staff. A go to spot for sure.
Christina did an amazing job. I definitely will be back.perfection. very clean place.
Delicious food, beautiful ambiance & amazing service!  My new favorite Thai restaurant!  Amazing!
The building is old yet functional.  Good for choir rehearsals
Super excited to find this place not far from the house! The Kolaches are to die for ;)
I love this place, i wouldn't call this real sushi, but its still really good!
Decent hotel in a decent location. Food and services nearby.  Solid road warrior hotel.
Great breakfast and lunch with all locally sourced food. Not a huge menu, but everything is great.
Gave them another shot. This is now the only place we order from. Best pizza in Parma!
Cozy spot to grab beer and poutine on a rainy day.
Slowed in for another late dinner. Still find it odd that the  bar still doesn't carry amaretto.
Christina is amazing she did my Easter nails perfectly!!!! Love all the girls!!!!!!
Fantastic wraps and sandwiches. Great great food and very clean place. Wonderful service
Totally Enjoyable. Not Cheap, But most items make sense Entrees are the best value
Great pizza and pasta always friendly and crowded! Great value!!
Great surprise, nice ambience and good prices for great food. I recommend the fried chicken.
Wonderful food and great service!  Really enjoy going to the Black Bear Diner!
Great place! Love the happy hour menu too. The braised pork is great for breakfast or dinner
Best spa in town. What ever you need to relax or look your best...they have it!
Expensive and they taste awful. They look nice but don't waste your money
Great Smokey flavor tender ribs brisket awesome as well
Great location. Plenty of seating. Very courteous staff. The Ice-Blended drinks are awesome!
Awesome, awesome, awesome show at any age. A must see. Love the glow in the dark act!
Great burgers! Great (hand-cut) chips! Nice tap beer selection. I'm a fan.
Asian Pear Martini, it doesn't get better!  We love the hummus sampler, too!
I love it I win all the time especially at night its so much easier to hit great customer service
this review is for their coffee shop.  One of the best kitchens in town.  Always a great meal.
Poke is ono. This is a great place to get your poke fix. Aloha
We like the food and ambience here but they've only gotten our orders right half the time.
Finally an authentic Mediterranean food in town  amazing food amazing service to say the least
I love this place. Such lovely wraps.  The soups are exquisite too. And very economical.
Found a cockroach in the bathroom.  Interesting white stains all over the hotel.
A perfect storm of Asian and Mexican flavors!!
The experience is unique, and definitely good for special occasions. It's worth it!
Amazing beat the summer heat creations. Simple and elegant. Matcha is always a win of course.
Hands down without a doubt the best place for authentic Pho in Montreal. Get the #2
Best service and the best food ever, we're here every Thursday  P1 is good specially the soup
A nice inexpensive place to get books, comics, and DVDs.
AMAZING!  So delicious and unique, very good menu and tastes great.
Great food! Pitas and gyros are very reasonably priced! Try the "Flaming Feta" appetizer.
Very nice healthy alternative to drive thru. Prices are fair and portions are generous.
They always look out for the money team!! We appreciate you guys! Love their spicy hot sauce!
Wasn't really impressed with what I ate.. I'd rather go to a Mexican place to get a quesadilla.
Favorite Sushi in Charlotte! Affordable and great service
Great service, seated us right away. Food delicious especially the coffee cake! Would visit again
Gorgeous location, great food, decent service
Good menu choices, friendly staff, clean restaurant, but the food is just okay at best.
Conveniently located, fairly priced and good quality haircuts and beard trims, overall a great place
Best pizza in CLE! Cheap & by the slice!
Stopped by this bar on the way to Rivea. Bartender was friendly but drinks were overpriced.
Chipotle is the BEST healthy fast food! This location is nice with a large patio with easy parking.
The best tacos ever! Full of flavor and meat! Definitely my favorite place to get my tacos from
The seating here is terrible but they do a great job at getting people their food very quickly!
I love the workers at this location. Always friendly and helpful!!!   Pita Jungle is delish!
Wow amazing Thai food! Fresh, cooked to order and outstanding service. Absolutely will visit again.
Very nice location but food was awful.  Had a chicken salad yuck.  Service stunk big time!
Slooooow service. 20 min just to get a water. Food was mediocre at best and over priced.
Love the margaritas here. Going to try the steak fajita I heard that they our great here.
Lol I used to work here it was fun.. customer service sucks... cute stuff.. crappy quality but cute
Loved the atmosphere and they had a great selection of draft beers. But the food was just okay.
The Greek cuisine is simply amazing. Fish couldn't tats better in La. Cheers & salute ;)
Brett's is by far the best I live in San tan valley but they are the only garage I trust!!!!
Best sub shop in the burbs. Brijesh does a great job. I don't know why anyone eats subway anymore.
.
I order pork fried rice pork lo main and chicken and vegetables the food is very good !!!
Very cute shop. Very friendly staff.... loved all the peddle cars on display.
Great BBQ. They serve during lunch time and until the meat runs out. Very friendly staff.
Amazing hummus, pita and feta. My favorite was the spanakopita. AMAZING!
Car paint still looks great, and I love not having any dents in my car.
Ask for the SUPER burrito its about two feet long and will fill up two hero's for sure.
Make the Uber Lyft pickup more convenient!!  Walking 2 miles past the taxi pickup ain't cool
Very rude staff, very poor service.   I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Great crust and super friendly employees delivering an outstanding customer experience.
The brisket sandwich is amazing, and the house sauce is some of the tastiest I've ever had.
Food is good, on the expensive side and now a days i feel like there are much better vegan places
Great service we will be back as a matter of fact I am going home and get the car and coming back
Great store the staff is friendly and energetic.  Dan the manager is very knowledgable and helpful.
Love the ice cream... We know it's not Blue Bell, but it's close
Shouldn't have taken out the self-checkout.  Now I spend more time in line than shopping.
Just food.  Nothing really tasty.  Some stuff tasted old.  For 30 bucks you can probably do better.
Bar is not my favorite. Food is pretty good sometimes. Management is sub-par.
This place is Swell. Great flower and amazing BOGO deals on wax!
This is the absolute worst company ever!!! I would runaway from this place immediately.
Great Place! Ton's of mini games to play! I would definitely go again!
Would not honor reservation prices. Payless is now off my list of places to rent a car from.
Amazing. Pastrami was hot and juicy. I ate the whole sandwich. Barely. You have to go here.
Best happy hour in town. Went there one night during the week it was unexpectedly closed wth.
Great service and pretty darn good food too. Perfect atmosphere for college football
Nothing bad about this buffet!! The food and service is wonderful! I love the dessert isle
Great slightly upscale Mexican food. Loved the chips and salsa. Great tamales, and tacos.
At first I did not care for their service but they persevered.
I was very disappointed their food was very salt there crab legs were very small this place sucked
Awful! The dining area is filthy and the food is over-fried and tasteless.
this place rules, plain and simple  just wish they had a cheaper jukebox
We always enjoy this place. Nice and quiet, great happy hour menu, great salads.
We love mullens!!!!!!!  Great place for drinks and fun atmosphere!!
Lots of office supplies.  Not sure about the prices, but I agree about the service.  Not very good.
Best cocktails of our 5 day stay in Vegas. Food excellent, even the young adult women loved it.
Felt at home!!!  Great drinks and good food, and AWESOME music!
It's a Walmart everyday is a new journey. Hit or miss.
First time being here and absolutely loved it. A MUST TRY and SOTO the chef is amazing!!!!
Wonderful!! Great food and beautiful decor! Sky Asian Bistro is a great place for lunch or dinner.
Best India food ever had in Canada it tastes like the real DHABA in India. Love this Place
Good coffee at excellent prices.  Steve is nice, ask him about the Economy when you stop by.
Healthy options.  I got a salad,it was huge and delicious.  Ill be back next time I visit that mall.
Drinks good, chips and salsa good, happy hour decent, Taco Tuesday- Nope, find somewhere else.
I love the managers at this CVS!!! They are AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Great customer service!! James and Kirk are quick and reliable.  Recommended!
Well executed food, nice restaurant design, efficient friendly service. Overall a good experience.
Love this place , great service, love Baja fish tacos  Love the margaritas!!! I will come back
Great little place in Phoenix. Went here for a morning walk. I like the mini-waterfall lol.
Great authentic Barbeque....fun atmosphere and live music and Karaoke throughout the week!
Fast, fresh and fun!!! Burger was tastey, and the blueberry pie shake was top 4 all time shakes!!!
Excellent inexpensive place to work out in the neighborhood.it is basic but gets the job done
For a large chain expected more. Worse than  the sushi you get from Metro.
Love LensCrafters. This place is horrible. Crazy long waits. Everyone is incredibly rude.
Very good. They provide excellent customer service.
Really nice place love it it feels like you are far away from downtown
Excellent service at a fair price.  Kyle and team are the bomb!
Cute place but not a good place to work. No wifi & no electric outlets for computer.
Good but my beef had a weird green sheen to it. Not sure if others have seen this before...
Roti canai & Kung Pao tufu is my favorite here. Fast service. Never have to wait to be seated.
Ordered buffalo style (mild) amd when it came, the wings were drenched in I don't know what.
Very slow. Even when it's not busy. We were waiting over an hour! Avoid.
Didn't even make it past the phone call. Rude and discourteous. Don't waste your time.
The service is awesome! Garlic balls are delicious and I will definitely be coming back for more
Good place to get a cheap bite to eat. Braised beef noodles are good
First time here.   Nice place. Good mix of family and social time.  $40 bowling one hour.
this place is over hyped. burgers are not bad but as great as some people claim.
Amazing shrimp coctel   Fresh hot chips, best salsa Get the butterfly fried fish ooh yes!
Come with an empty stomach, the portions are huge and the service is awesome.
Best Happy Hour!!!  Half price drinks (except shots) and select appetizers.  Friendly staff.
Veery interesting place to visit!  Le Cafe is my favorite restaurant on the strip.
The coffee drinks are good, decently priced and the service is fast, fast, fast!
The food is good and the service even better. I work at an office nearby and they deliver fast.
This place was pretty great the pool and jacuzzi were phenomenal. The room was nice and clean.
Ramsey was amazing.Did a great job.Would certainly recommend.
I just wanted for fries!   Would recommend 10/10 though  Steak is to die for!  LAZY DOG IS COOL
Poor selection of food, decore old,  way to bright.
Awesome. Great food. Something different. Love the chicken tiki masala
Great NY Style Pizza!  This Queens native makes it #1 in Charlotte.
Great place to go watch a game and the food is very good. Wait staff friendly and professional
All around an AMAZING experience ! The food , the service. True definition of customer service !
A great haircut for $20+tax, one of the best I've had considering the price.
First visit here! Customer 299 today! Excellent service and a very friendly crew!! Way to impress!
AutoZone employees are always so helpful!  Thanks, William for taking care of my wiper blades!
No line...quick service... ordered the bacon cheeseburger no ketchup... no line, quick good service
Great drinks good service, patio was a good scene, nice place to chill and meet beautiful people
I usually only go here to get cups for my job.  They always have them available!
Amazing sushi! Always very well prepared. Sunny roll is the best
Great Coffee, good kids drinks also. Great place to hang out and take a break while shopping at DTS.
Shouldn't the name actually be park 'n eat? Maybe not, real choke and puck joint
This store is awesome! Wish it had a car wash tho, hopefully soon!
One of the best shows in Vegas.  Very entertaining laugh out loud comedy
Great hawaiian food. A little on the salty side, but that is pretty standard.
I drove 45 mins from North Las Vegas for a Green Chili cheese burger and I wasn't disappointed
The info for store hours is not correct. M-Sa: close at 9 pm Su: closed at 8 pm
Food was pretty good. Didn't quite meet the hype, but the hype was substantial. Definitely not bad.
One of the best magic shows on the strip. Marvelous & Fun.
The suites here are pretty incredible. They have an absolutely amazing view and furnished very nice.
Wasn't taking my gift card, AND would allow me to use my credits for my free drink. FAIL
Love their Caesar salad and blue cheese bacon burger! Very comfortable seating and ambiance
BBQ Duck and Sesame Beef are to die for ! Very reasonable! Great Value!
Great food & nice atmosphere. It's quiet enough that you can actually visit.
Good food and good price! Wish they would have coconut rice :) staff was very friendly and tentative
Friendly staff and amazing waxers. The bees wax is the bees knees!
Tightest slots in Vegas. Great Nachos. Avoid the place if your a gamer. Never won in the place.
Doctor kotoske did a great work on me. Love his manners and his staff.affordable and professional.
Unfriendly and unhelpful employees at this location very odd, not like other Panera locations.
Took the whole family....Had a blast so funny!!!!   definitely recommend it for the whole family
this place is amazing, absolute treasure. Diamond in the rough.
The best Italian deli in Arizona. Go Here!
Unfriendly, unhelpful and unprofessional.  The agents do not listen to budget or move-in dates.
Cleveland rocks. Great beer great service amazing burger and fries. What's not to like?
This place and the employees are so nice and professional! Will definitely be coming back.
Best BBQ I have ever had.  Customer Service is 2nd to none.
The best bagels you can find in Charlotte right next to a strip club...need I say more?
Really poor service. Food is ok. Orders never arrive. You should probably avoid this place.
great place and great service would highly recommend, located in Ceasars
Excellent Happy Hour! cheap wine, delicious Bloody Mary, and the bruschetta?!?! YES.
Always the best coffee and the staff remembers what I like. Love this place the patio is bomb
Great coffee!!  Always my go to for hot and cold beverages.  Money orders too, if I need them.
Amazing food every time. Perfect place for meeting with friends to catch up. Never disappoints.
This place is awesome! Great prices, awesome food, and the friendliest people!
This place is no better then a Denny's and they charge twice as much. Food wasn't good at all.
Neat place; nice, interesting decor, well done coffee, although that's all I can judge the place on.
Los mejores tacos de Las Vegas!
Delicious. This place is dangerously close to work. I really need to lay off.
Great appetizers, food and service. Nice wine list with 1/3 off bottles tonight. Will be back.
Fast and friendly. Never had a bad cut for my son.
Everything I had was delish. I had house salad and sm white pizza. Will go back for sure.
Zero stars is more appropriate.  Overlooked greasy food and coffee worse than Starbucks
Horrible service here, John was no help and extremely unprofessional. So much for better quality
The only shop I trust with my cars. Very friendly, knowledgable, and honest automotive technicians.
Don't go anywhere else but Pixy Cakes! I never will!
Plenty of lanes, good vibe and a lot of bowling ball selections.
Meh...If you like middle age women with subpar talent then is the right club for you never again
I've gone to this dentist literally my whole life. I love this place, I won't go anywhere else!!
Great service. The food is delicious. Had the Go Guda, really good  and almost too big for 1 person.
PLEASE WEAR SANDALS !!!!....some jerk is leaving IV needles on the floor
Eddie is very helpful. I stop here a few times a week to top off my propane and water.
They forgot to make my frozen coffee. Several people got their drinks while I was waiting for mine.
We visit Vegas 2 to 3 times a year and the Bellagio Fountains never get old.
Place adorable!!!!!...Food delicious!!!!!! Customer service on point! Officially my lunch spot
Phenomenal food, Ben was great! All I can say is we will definitely be coming back soon.
The meatballs are killer. Excellent cocktails.  Order s bunch of apps and meatballs and enjoy!!
By far the best pozole I've ever had! This place rocks and they have great drink specials!
Ashley J was amazing!!  she was patient and friendly for the entire time.  thank you!!
Don't. Waste. Your. Time.   WES didn't recognize them as a "regognized" translator.
Simple bar, yet ok for kids.  Cheap and food not bad.  No compliants and always a friendly staff.
Ahhhh had the London Broil today...better than I was expecting. Onions were perfect and sooo good!
Holy crap!!! Get their queso fundido with carne asada and mushrooms!! It's so freaking good!!
Got the groupon for the two drinks and they are so yummy. The portion size is huge.
Simply amazing!  The food is outstanding.  Love this place and the service was excellent!
This is a great sports bar for drinks and food. I highly recommend it!
Good diner food with options for all sorts of diets (vegans to carnivore). Not too pricey either!
Pricey but good! You pay for quality! If I'm consuming something I'll pay the extra $$ for it
Very courteous staff. Car was taken exactly at my appointment time. Very comfortable waiting area.
Great food, fast service, and clean.
Excellent food and very accommodating to dietary needs (gluten free, vegetarian, etc).
Decent all you can eat sushi place. Good sushi all around including lots of rolls and sushi pizza.
Great home cooked food that heals the soul. Great environment and fresh endless staff.
Yummy Moscow mule, no copper mug but still tasty. Worst sliders on planet Earth!!! Terrible!
Great place! friendly staff and best of all very quick. Its brand new so place looks great :).
So darn good. The cheeseburger was amazing. Perfect over easy egg. Can't wait to go back!
Disappointed. Nothing stood out. The deserts were okay. I honestly expected more !
Super delicious. One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Excellent service.
Great spot. Food is excellent. Clean. Very popular place.
Very clean & Tony & his staff are ALWAYS friendly & do a great job!!
Great selection and prices! Picked out 4  - and installed on the date as promised. We love our fans!
Great customer service by Alex Ochoa.  Yes, I do recommend them for your time of needs.
Excellent pho. Spring rolls are great too. And the soups.
I'm a Sun Devil I love frank Kush Field!
Awesome food, one of my favorite places. The tottie roles are the best!
Great food. Good size portions. Service is awesome. Very friendly. Feels like I'm back in bankok.
Zeeeen! Always a relaxing experience, good facials and phenomenal massages. Love the lavender oil!
Loved my experience at Frilly Lilly. Had Claudia for my Brazilian wax. She is amazing!
Still great! Great cocktails. All of our cigar smoke just disappears. Lily is our new fav!
A shout out to Janelle, who took such good care of us during our great lunch today at PS 702.
Food was Great! Really tasted like old school Italian.
Great fast food. People were very helpful and friendly. Food was hot and well prepared. Great value
I love the selection and the idea, glad you guys moved to a better location even closer
Great pizza, great location, great owner.
Amazing food and outstanding service. Definitely a place to try anytime you're in Vegas.
I love Judy! I see her monthly. The stylists are all very friendly. The prices are reasonable.
Tofu had a soft hands and did a wonderful job. He even wiped the tears away. Highly recommend
Veggie burrito is my favorite to eat but find it's inconsistent: can't beat the hot sauce though!
I love this place great ambiance.. get the skewers, the dips all 3  for sure just delicious!
Salt lassi is great.... dosa though not as good as home made, is still passable for a Vegas joint...
Fantastic! Great value- I highly recommend the shumai and the gyoza! Tempura lunch is fantastic!
I've been to a lot of weak clubs in my day but this is the worse one in history.  Don't bother.
Loved my Mother's Day flowers!!! Thank you. I can tell you all work hard and love what you do!
I have contacted Channel 13 News to investigate this company.
Didn't like the pizza at all but thought the Gnoochi with tomato sauce was good.
Great seafood and chocolate souffles.  Outside seating is awesome with fire and water backdrop
Busy busy restaurant w variety.. Ordered chiva burrito which was tasty as well, chivo taco.
This place is amazing! Best place on mill and Dominic is the man! Highly recommend coming here
More for my buck!  $3.11 per gal today!
The dishes we ordered were good. But nothing really stood out.
Best Yogurt place in South Chandler.  Lots of toppings and really good quality!
Great restaurant. Don't confuse if for Totts in chandler. That place blows.
Fun and nostalgic.  highly recommend a trip here if you are in Pittsburgh
Cool menu, great service, wine and vibe.  Easy and laid back place to chill for lunch or dinner!
They treat you like family, suggested new food to try and all suggestions where great!
Grrrrrrrreat breakfast. It was our first time, ever, there and the service and food was fantastic.
Company is terrible.  Full of lies and broken promises, Buyer Be Ware!!!!!
Loved this place.  Great food, their pasta and pizza is fresh, different and good variety.
Great lunch specials, fresh and good taste. Way better than china go go!
Agreed! Poached eggs are perfect, orange juice freshly squeezed. Yum!
It sucks you guys never have the chicken soup :( but other than that, food is great as always.
They have good menu . Food was ok. Fried rice was very good but was not happy with the lamb.
A wonderful selection of wines and helpful friendly service every time I have been here!
Best smoke shop in town. Awesome mlm  selection and the best prices I've seen in Vegas
Very tasty and good portion sizes. Recommend ordering well in advance for pick up orders.
When they tell you they are going to call you when your pet's medication comes in....they don't.
New favourite place in Marda loop - get the dolce e piccante pizza
Its alright, Ive gone with friends i wouldn't go on my own. Big reputation, okay food.
Great blueberry pancakes served w/hot syrup & hot blueberry compote. Terrible coffee!
This place is CLOSED permanently. Locked up with a chain on the door. Really slow service.
Kind workers...very informative and thorough. Made sure everything was explained and understood
Timely and thorough. Came early so I could go to work without missing time. Friendly.
LOVE THE BEANS! Great food and great family owned restaurant,been coming here for years!
The Best French Onion Soup In Montreal   (Their tartares are pretty darn good too)
Awesome service.  Will definitely go back. Had my eyebrows threaded and tinted. Love the results.
Yummy thai tea and green tea! Food is great! The service is awesome. Reasonably priced.
Best pizza in the West Valley.  As good as Chicago pizza
French dip burger was wonderful! And the wind address great too.  It is a bit pricey though
First time visit yesterday and it was amazing. Henry is amazing! My nails are amazing!
One thing I miss about Henderson, great food, Egg Flower soup, mongolion beef.  Nice Atmosphere.
I love frys!
Amazing experience! Love my nails both toes and fingers. Great service and will definitely go back!!
Food was amazing! So good the desserts never ended, the creme Brule. Going back tonight!
It would be great if Macy's knew that not only skinny people go to prom.#fatgirlsneedlovetoo
The food and service have been amazing for the 11 years I've been eating here. Those nachos....yum.
Great place to watch movies! The chairs are awesome! The theater is clean and well maintained.
My favorite spot ....  Can't visit Las Vegas without making a stop at the peppermil!!!
You have to try Kimberly's Bloody Mary's at Ray's bar! They are excellent! She is very friendly
Loved the Butter Chardonnay. Also the Fanny Bay oysters with the champagne pearls. Yummm
What an outstanding group of cleaners. I am pleased every time. And the price is GREAT too!
Had the mint chip, red velvet and blueberry cupcakes. All very yummy
The best sandwiches in Vegas!!!!! Get a few and save them to eat when you're drunk ;-)
Food is always yummy!!! My favorite place! The tacos are yummy! My favorite is the spicy fish! Mmmm
Best chicken. So delicious   I ordered a family meal to go, tons of food. its totally worth it.
Damn all the broads that work hear are hot!!!!  Especially the two blondes at the door
Gross. Worst Indian I have ever had. Cold bone in chicken thighs in my Biryani is not cool.
Tr s beau lieu, bonne ambiance c'est dommage qu'il est ferm  ces portes le 30 septembre.
Ordered a lemon cake for a dinner party.  A huge hit!  Great prices for lovely cake.
I like the food at Chick-fil-A. It makes me happy thinking about it. And the fries... Oh the fries
$14 for a meal give me a break way too much ripping people off I would not recommend the place
Poutine as well as the staff is on point....  Come one, come all to this gem of a pub
Bartenders are rude, added drinks to our tab that weren't ours. This place isn't worth the time.
I ate at this location the last weekend in May.  It was okay.  I enjoyed the Easton location better.
Cool, small concert venue. Bar is decent. Some good beer, including some East End
I like the outlet shopping mall since they have an outrageous selection of shops and clothing!
Well as the last brick and mortar store I shopped at... have fun in bankruptcy.  Amazon prime FTW!
I just are there for the first time and it was fantastic! It has that old school diner taste.
Great to work with and reasonable on price! Will be going back to clean genie for sure!
Nice and clean place. Ordered the thai red curry! Loved it. I'm definitely going back here again!
late night snack.. thats taco bell for ya
Just an average overpriced. Duplicate of their other locations. Ok but nothing special.
Great location and friendly staff. Best pizza hands down. Love the thin crust and fresh ingredients!
Our lane pinspotter keeps locking up..couldn't find help for a while.   Never coming back
Terrible restaurant. Very dirty. Also have to wait for a long long time... Never come again
Jennifer is who I felt originally went to and keep going to! She does a great job at bio gel refill
3 stars, friends loved the pizza. Every piece I picked up fell right apart. It's okay.
Quick and good quality. I had the coconut curry shrimp and really enjoyed it - pretty spicy:)
Excellent value, wife baby and I stopped in and had a blast on a recent visit to this awesome town!!
Great environment and good coffee. I get work done here on the regular. Staff is great too.
Incredibly awesome food and staff!!! Bring a large appetite because you will need it....
We enjoyed the food greatly. The kitchen was very slow, enough to make us think twice in the future
Great breakfast and excellent service.  Simple, clean and comfortable.  Very good coffee too.
Best Chicken Katsu I've tasted in town. Katsu was extra crispy, tasty and done with dark meat.
Love It! Try the Salted Caramel Mocha! Sooo good :)
Pricing and long line, but well worth it! It was good food and polite service received!
Q=Quite U=Unsanitary A=And D=Dumpy  A great location, however!
Awesome book store. Last of the Mohicans since borders is shutdown.  Workers are very helpful.
Great food great staff and real food no hurry up and buy attitude's grilled food at its best
Stylish and modern apartments.  Great location and close to all the amenities in University Circle.
Great food and great staff by Maria I love coming here for late night food and happy hour!
Great flavor!!! Line was long with regulars. Love that the servers call everyone 'honey.'
Still one of my favorite lunch spots! Never fails. Best turkey bacon avocado sandwich around!
These guys rock out loud. Hands down best place for street Tacos!
Very kind and helpful pharmacists,store is quite nice too but a tad small
I wish rick moonen advanced on top chef masters. my heart broke a little when he lost.
What's not to love? Clean, fast, yummy, and doesn't taste like it's liquifying your insides.
Mistakes have been made! Roads have been traveled! Choices regretted!   That is all I can say
This is probably the best place in Vegas for a pool Party, definitely I have to come back again!
First time I've had Thai and I'm a fan!! Great lunch specials!
This place was awesome when it was Cooper's! Great whole in the wall. Idk about big guys...
Excellent service their chai is amazing. Best experience will make the drive for such great chai
This place is awesome!!! It's seriously a must go. The food is wayyyy better than soyo!!' For sure
My go-to coffee place in the beach to relax and chill.    Definitely recommend the latte and crepes.
Everything is either cool or gross. No on between here. Lol
Food was good, beer was cold!  Ask for Jessica as your server if she's not available ask for Justin.
Sue is the best. She fixed my jumpsuit and charged me a fair price for the work she put in.
Almost feels like a hidden Scottsdale gem, but every time we eat there it is BUSY!
Decent selection but a bit over priced for their steaks. Great service and relaxing ambience.
Love this place! Always fresh and tasty... not to mention friendly staff! Never been disappointed!
Such a great show! I was laughing the entire time. So funny! Loved it.
Casual atmosphere and simple foods made really well. One of the best pizzas in Toronto
Great little place for a good and inexpensive haircut. Cheryl was awesome!
They now serve FIN DU MONDE!   Did they read my review, maybe?  Six stars.
Just wanted to update and say I am obsessed with the new "hotter" salsa! It is truly delicious!!
It was fast but boba was ok having that it's up North and closer than driving out to china town.
Messed up my order twice and one of the workers didn't make sense.                            Bob.
Great food reasonably priced. Italian food done right. Chef Rudy  and his crew are  most congenial.
The food here is absolutely superb, I cannot recommends it enough. I really like the rose sauce.
Closest thing to getting Poke from the islands without traversing the Pacific...
This is the best place, I love the crumb squares, and just picked up a pecan pie that is excellent
Relaxing moment, i was really well welcomed in this place and receive a adapted session
Average.
Los Dos Molinos por vida!
My recent visit sucked. The Steelers lost, and they lost stupidly. We need a real coach.
World-class. Our new favorite all-time Indian restaurant. Service and food is impeccable.
Very kind, good prices, went here for grey goose vodka. Greetings from germany to las vegas!
Great food, terrible service. Unfortunately the cons of the service outweigh the great food.
So good!! Everyone is super friendly and I love that it caters to dogs  the hummus trio is delicious
Fast, replaced the timer, tenant happy! thanks!
Overpriced and just okay, there lots of better restaurants to be found in downtown Phoenix.
Great very casual restaurant!!!!!! Tacos are amazing!!
Yuck. Dirty. Slow service. Gross food. Taco bell makes better food.
The meatball lunch menu was different, and very delicious. Friendly service and great patio
Great coffee and super nice staff. Highly recommend if you're looking for quality coffee.
I loved the place, food, drinks, desert, and attendance are perfect. You need come here!!
Good meatballs and salad. I liked the ambiance as well. The cocktails are just average.
The worst place ever..Long wait only two tellers.Long wait every time and long line..
Store permanently closed due to flooding. 1 star based on my review of the east side location.
Great value for the price. Food came out quick and the server Jacqueline was super pleasant
5/4/16 Thank you for responding to my concerns Banner Home Care.
Denis made a bday lunch with nearly 20 people go super smooth. And their pork is awesome!
Congratulations. Second best filet mignon in my eyes in Las Vegas.
Salmon croissant, Chicken Florentine Crepe, and the Mediterranean Chicken Crepe were fab!!!
A really great restaurant, both to impress a business associate or just to enjoy some good food!
Quality pizza! Relaxing sports beer bar too.
scammers trying to steal from small businesses, should be charged with a crime
Huge portions.  Had the chicken and shrimp pad Thai.  Excellent. Super friendly staff. Great patio!
Love their vanilla white chocolate mocha!  Lattes are way better than Starbucks.
Great authentic Mexican cuisine unlike Lindo Michuacan. The best owners!! Tina Rocks!!
Most incredible.  Steak was cooked perfectly. Service was outstanding. Love the decor
The owner is very kind. The store has many interesting things and video games and comic books!
They have change the happy hour and now it's not the same.
My company too just got an invoice to this company, lazy people trying to get free money!
Still great place after years of bringing our dog to get groomed here. Always friendly service
portions are massive but this is your standard local wings place. The decor needs updating.
The food are delicious! And price for their buffet is very affordable. Ill definitely come back!
One of my favorite spots to eat.  Great wings and the salmon salad is the best.  Wings are killer.
Is Club Aruba still open Saturday's for Reggae night???   Thanks in advance for any info
This is an amazing restaurant. Great atmosphere and the food is sooo good.  Locally owned.
Great place! Love the happy hour menu too. The braised short rib is great for breakfast or dinner
I like this place. If you're in the mood for Waffles, I encourage you to stop by.
Good place for a Friday eve. A bit loud but good music .  Food wine and service was great.
Super comfy and big leather seats! Chill atmosphere. My most favourite movie theatre ever.
I love Teaspressa! At the grand opening and everything is amazing! So glad to have it in Arcadia
Hey, made the Major for this location!  That's cool.  Fast service and typical good Starbucks.
They make the best curry in Las Vegas!  My boyfriend and I really enjoy this place.
Great customer service and quick turn around for them to come and unlock my keys from my car.
Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...
Best Starbucks around. Great staff, and a great way to start my day with a positive experience.
I had the bacon burger witch tastes like bleach and my fries were not the best either.
In Spanish el chorro technically means "getting the runs" and that's exactly the case .
This bar is always open. 24 hrs and it's just like any other typical bar in Vegas. Nothing special
Dddddd
Known for jajamyun and jjampong, they also have tansuyuk and spicy version here. Solid food :)
This is the best pizza I have had in Arizona since I moved here from New York. Hands down
Best sandwich in town.  Love the cheesesteak or bobbie.  Either way works for me.
average burger joint. definitely over priced, beef quality is lacking and the wait is horrendous
This place is a dump with poorly trained staff that blame the owner/management for all the problems
Excellent service and good food :) We will be coming back (especially to try the fried ice cream).
This place looks high end. I got a really nice fade. And the prices are good, for the service u get.
The food is good, but I love love love the creme brulee here! They have some of the best desserts.
This place is my wife's new love. The pear cobbler is a worth the visit
Best suites in Vegas. Front desk was very efficient and helpful.
Great place for Sushi. Great ambiance though can get a bit noisy at times. The buffet is incredible.
This is a Del Taco, Service standard, food standard. Its definitely not Cafe Rio
My favorite Taco Tuesday in old town! Great shredded beef tacos. Really great deals.
Now that I've visited a few more times (read: every chance I get) I can safely upgrade this to a 5!
I LOVE this place!! Try the asian pear salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts. Truly divine.
Don't come here they didn't do shit for me... In so much pain they send me home. F$&k this place
Excellent food and customer service.  They have a special right now on a 3 taco plate.
Great flower and friendly staff  Always good   Always will   6 stars  12th St and camelback
Good job Luxx! Your story has been posted nationwide. Bet some new managment is coming huh?
This place is awesome. Very much impressed. It's funny I was the only Non asian person in there lol
Did minimal work possible and rushed me out. She kinda just did what she wanted and told me to dip.
Ordered the French Dip.  Copious amounts of meat bit it was dry and tough.  Disappointing
This place used to be great....now it's horrible service and food. Where is the management?
Goooood stuff , nice people , relaxing atmosphere.
You must try the mojitos! Jacob and Ryan at the bar make the best strawberry mojitos ever!!!
Great place!! Great deal!! Go get your haircut here!!! Great new location & great stylists!!
one of my fave places!  a must for me everytime i hit up vegas.....
Perfectly cooked and accurate as always. They cleared that line quick! Just as good as back at home!
This place is always busy. The food is consistent and reliable. My children love the kids meals.
Spicy chicken wrap so delicious and you can totally share it it's huge. Love this joint
Not impressed.. Go to Pizza Hut a couple blocks down. Better pizza and it costs less.
Amazing food ... but customer service is really really bad ... girls in the cashier has no manner
Great staff! Took very good care of my sister while she had surgery and was recovering.
Finally.....people who deliver compassionate care for animals!  Keep up the great work!!!
Best hummus ever!  Disappointed with falafel.  Yummy watermelon salad.
Fabulous Russian food, vodka and specials!
Pretty darn good breakfast...lots of choices, good service!
Love it great tasting food and excellent customer service. Kids eat free on Sundays!
Belle ambiance!  Beau choix de cocktails.  Menu original Jeune et branch   Mezzanine !
Great parking lot and the WiFi reaches out quite a ways so I don't have to use my data!
Of all the FOX locations, the only one WORSE than this one is Las Vegas.  Cars are NEVER ready!
First time here burger, fries and orange Faygo were great and the staff was friendly.
It's a casual and relaxing atmosphere. The food is delicious and the service was fast.
Burgundy pepper steaks and stuffed chops are the best! Ken's is a solid place to go for local goods.
The humazingly vegan sandwich is humazingly good!  Friendly staff and good eats made fresh and fast.
           
Great ceviche tostadas and fish tacos. One of the best in the city.
Super clean, love the north scottsdale location. Staff ia very pleasant and informative.
Amazing food! Oyster and king's crab leg are my number one choice! Will go again for sure!
Horrible food, average drinks, bad atmosphere. Miss this place and thank me later.
I just saw this in a movie, " Ek mein aur ek Tu". I vowed to myself that I'm gonna get married here.
If Heaven has soup and sandwiches- Wildflower Bread Co is in charge of it. Absolutely the best!!!!
Dr. Dickerson is great! I just had some fillings done. Quick and easy! Would definitely recommend
best ramen in Pittsburgh and best creme brulee I've had in my life (I got the red bean one)
Daniel did a great job, very professional, efficient and fast.  With a Very reasonable price.
Long line but great food. Always friendly staff.
Service and food was excellent!  Way better than the overhyped Ceasers buffet.
Good coffee and a nice menu.  They have some good healthy alternatives.
Caught him before his vacation. Quickest and easiest ring resize ever. Great job too!
The turnovers!!!
small but excellent selection and chill vibes. such a good hidden gem!
Owner is super chill. Was flexible and overall transaction went over well.
Excellent. We got three rolls and each was fresh and delicious. Great, friendly service.
Salad was an expensive joke but dinner made up for it.
There were 3 of us and we did a sampling of items on the menu, everything was delicious!
Phoenix has few quality breakfast places.  This gem stands out.
Great food, great experience. Majin is an excellent employee of this company
Great fresh flavorful food and great service. Also good, smooth coffee. I'll be back with friends.
Joe was able to resolve my issue from my car accident.
Meet here with family after a wedding. Great breakfast, coffee choices and parties! Will visit again
Love the store very cute just wished they took clothing that was more than 2 years old.
Love this place- awesome service and so many great options on the menu it's hard to choose!
Always friendly service. Quick and speedy, just the right pace for lunch.
Don't call over the phone, I've tried twice and have waited for over 15 minutes and had no help
This was a delicious find in the midst of a strip mall. Great service and even better food.
Cheap. Good Korean food. Friendly mom and pop. Great soup.
I suspect that heaven will be filled with Amelie's salted caramel brownies.  A must try for foodies.
Fantastic hoagies! Fries are crisp and the service is quick. Thank god it's by the school!
Soo cool! Fast, efficient, squeaky clean, and drys well! Will be my go to car wash from now on
Solid food.  The waitstaff didn't seem to know a lot about the food or the beer though.
Worst huevos-rancheros. Pico de guyo instead of rancheros sauce. Eggs were hockey puck hard.
Soup is really nice. Spicy pork the best. Dnt forget the dumplings and their buns too.
They are CLOSED!
Awesome! They have a new manager who is polite, fun and very accommodating. Glad I got to meet him.
don't bother... and make sure you don't go there at night.
Love the food here, especially the double cheese original Katsu, gonna come tomorrow!
Great Hawaiian roll and salmon teriyaki entree. I'll be back with family and friends.
Your basic greasy spoon breakfast served with heaping helpings of Fox News and conservative rage.
Great FRESH food! French Toast, Red Truck Sandwich, and the Iced Coffee are the best!
Service was excellent and so is the ambiance, but the food was just meh.
Excellent options. Fresh, delicious food. Cheap and quick. Authentic Mediterranean music and decor.
Love it! And they're open late. My only request is that they start accepting debit.
I love the Triple 7  great beers
1st time trying DCS, wont go back. 2 slices of ham does not make a sub.
Yum! Tempting selection of breads, pastries, savory sandwiches, and more!  So glad we stopped here.
I always order their pho and spring rolls or vermicelli for pick up this place is my go to
Oh my god I love this place! Fantastic Mac and cheese! PB&J BURGER TO DIE FOR! Great atmosphere!
I love their breakfast, very economy price and food, but avoid their dinner, below average
Great food and super friendly people. Kind of in an odd location, but we'll definitely go back.
Gentle and thorough dental cleanings make going to the dentist a pleasant experience.
Good service with friendly price. I order $12 special plate with soup and all you can eat salad.
I love this place so much and the price makes it even better! Lol highly recommend it!
Fantastic lunch buffet and friendly staff. The saag paneer is the best!
Good food, Good quantity, Good prices...Nuff said! Straightforward and simple, just like Mr. Geero!
Great food.   My favorite Hawaiian food so far!   Love the furikake chicken and fried rice!!!
If you don't love YC's then we can't be friends.
BEST pho I have ever had! The broth is perfect and makes the soup! Can't wait to come back!
She took the liberty to add a tip to my visa card when I went in for carry out! Fraud!!!
Love the food and service was great!  Ask for Deisy for your waitress and you can't go wrong!
Very very low quality customer service for an Avis branch. They definite need to try harder.
I was impressed .. Clean lots of good  food .. Way better the Mandarin great for birthdays
Top quality service that is honest and dependable. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my Nissan.
Not up to par and overpriced for the below average results. Too bad since My house is minutes away.
Great food and service. I'd avoid peak hours. The wait can be long but it's totally worth it.
Kool little restaurant with great shrimp  dishes ! Great place to have lunch  and a couple beers !
Great staff. Friendly and fast. Food is fresh and good. Carne esade is great.  I'll be back.
Great food, excellent hookah! What more could one want?!?! Try the three meat plater!
AWESOME BRISKET!!!!!! Have to come here for the brisket..... Just totally awesome...
Staff are great, beer selection is constantly changing. Atmosphere is welcoming and friendly.
Jonathan was awesome!  Best staff in town.  Thanks for the soy sausage in my omelette.
We did let employees know ...twice actually both of them said it was right and kept on working
Eh. It got better than it was before. still not wonderful but hey,,, who cares? i love eggs
Great place ! Rudy and Daniel are excellent! Its a must place to go. You wont regret it.
Ordered a iced mocha coffee and it wasn't very good! Pricey too!
edited
Salt n pepper calamari was good. Cold staff.
Maye Heating and cooling has been bought out by Morris/Jenkins and is no more.
 Ann  !  
Best food in city to pair with wine. Go early to avoid line. Steak is out if this world.
Best donair in the city. Made the east coast way. Really, really good value.
Professional and well staffed. My father was in good hands and wasn't worried at all. Thank you
Great wings! TWC fries is delicious. Workers are very friendly. Will come back for sure.
I love this place so much! Their Thai tea very good and fired rice are all delicious!
Amazing bone marrow. Very nice place. Chef was friendly. Will come again to try new things.
Consistent food.  The mushroom soup is good.
Great casual place for lunch or dinner. Had the southwestern chicken sandwich it was great.
Bartender wonderful, Owner right  there and didn't introduce himself( not good) place not even busy!
Great tacos and gauc! Wish it were easier to get into and less expensive considering portions.
I just had to do an errand in Woodbridge so i stopped by. Great cannoli, great lattes, nice service!
Breakfast was horrible but the regular menu items were decent.  Loved the asian food here.
I'm so impressed with the eye doctor at  Oasis Eyecare! Dr Corona Hoang was exceptional  
Food was ok. Nothing to rave about. Price was on the high side. Don't plan on coming back.
I remember the bacon, and the potatoes the most, we had to wait to get a table but it was very good.
Excellent decor, music and prices. Just check it out with a bunch of friends... have fun!
Love this place! They are always friendly and the wings are good! Kool aid is good too!
Just not as good as they once were.  Now The Capital Grille is all the rage.
Mac and cheese very good. BBQ, just ok.
Love the secrecy of this place.  Great pizza.  Expect a line.  sshhh...
Morrocan bath So great. Clean and professional.  First rate massage therapist see Cynthia
Really enjoyed the food here. Amazing fries. Hissy fit fries and fat stack is what I ordered.
Love this place!!! Restaurant was clean, food was fresh, staff very friendly and knowledgeable .
I enjoy the dishes made spicy with fresh peppers.
Friendly, not noisy they serve food which I plan to try on Wednesday. Server is awesome
Great place and vibe.  No clowns or pretentious bullshit.
Great place to go for Halloween fun! Lots of activities for the kids. We go every year!
Offbeat quirky bar with fresh juice and delicious food. Try the caprese salad it's my fave!
Love the waffle house fun friendly and yummy waffles cant go wrong here or at least so far.
This place never disappoints! You must try their onion rings.
This taco truck is lit. Give it a chance if you like food that's bomb and reasonably priced.
Not that greatest Mexican dining! I suggest  Nuevo alcapulco.
Had an awesome girls night celebrating a birthday!!! Jarrett is the best server out there
Very good food. Try Shrimp tempura and Singapore noodles.
It's just fine.  Nothing special, but nothing great.
This place is just Seoul, Korea. Everything was perfect!! ,  are two best!  was also good!!
Yumm so good and pleasant! Geat place for  after winning a soccer tourney!!! Gooooooal!!!!!!!
My boy is getting his junk snipped!!!! 40 min,
Worse parts person I have ever dreamt with.  Rude, discourteous, and more.  Will NEVER go back!!!
LOVE the matzo ball soup and brisket sliders!  The bakery is extensive.
Delicious ice cream, friendly staff, good location.  Stop by and grab some!  My son loved it!
Fast, friendly service of ice cream. Lots of variety and fun ice cream shop atmosphere.
their breakfast rocks , cant beat the price , dont let the secret out !
Our dog loves it there, nice little area and great location!
Great service, had the tamales, very good. I'm happy to have new fresh options in the area!
Great atmosphere. Great food. Great service. A great place to grab a bite not far from Airport.
Great sandwiches, The Queen's sandwich is my go to. Very solid lunch spot.
This is a fun place to see a show or grab a drink.  So glad it opened in downtown Phoenix!
I loved my nails  great costumer service and great work. Kim is great and very nice loved it here
Best ice cream ever!!!! Pistachio & chocolate brownies amazing.  Ask for warm waffle cone
Food's been going downhill in the Vegas Buffet scene, including this one.
Great Italian beef... Just like Al's in Chicago. Service was excellent. A must try  if in the area.
Worst sandwich place. Weird sandwiches. Doesn't taste good at all. I suggest not to go here
Great service . I was in and out within an hour. Will definitely return for future services.
Incredible scenery on this appx 4.5 mile hike! Such a lovely surprise outside the city!
Food was great but you pay a hefty price for the view and food.  Would only go on special occasions.
Is the best cigar shop I have found. Prices,Service and Selection were all great..
Super friendly and knowledgeable I called because my daughter got bit by a venomous spider !
Finally a place with giant salads!!! Good Prices! Cute Staff
Great food..Good place for the family..My kids really like it..
I have yet to find a better ny style pizza in Vegas. Very consistent.
Good stuff. Great barbecue chicken. Close to home can make the meal fast. Kind of pricy.
Excellent service! Try the shrimp spring rolls, seared tuna and the banoffee pie! Yum!!
Best chicharron burrito in Phoenix for sure.. been eating at this place since the mid 90's
Great quaint little bistro with flavorful goodies. Me an the hubby really enjoyed our brunch.
Pretty good hotel. Right there in the center. Parking is expensive 20$
Meh. If your drunk and need to fill the void then do it. Even then pretty dry and lacked seasoning.
Prompt and polite service, great food lunch or dinner. This place deserves your business. Enjoy!
Classic - need to get the bologna sandwich, and the soda isn't bad either!
Good donuts! Place is a bit small, however it's cozy.
This place is great! These donuts are pricey but fresh and worth it. Try the salted Carmel.
Jenny did a great job on my lashes! I would give it 5 stars, but the glue irritated my eyes.
Had the pancakes, Carrot cake and  Bacon Cheddar and both tasted great!
Great pizza. Reasonable. Get the meatball. Rather hidden.
Just amazing!! We fell in love with this little gem
"Best chicken! Great staff! Good ole southern fried! Juicy, crispy, just plain YUM!!"
Quick and friendly service! Great stop for a quick lunch break
Great selection for collectors, and the prices are fair. Found a few hard-to-get items here.
Awesome place! Ambiance is super cozy with live music playing. Food was bursting with flavor.
Good portion to price ratio.  The quality is there as well. The restaurant is neat and tidy.
Unbelievable.  Everything is amazing but the hot cakes will be the best you've had.  End of story.
They have a huge choice for desserts. Perfect place for a nice cup of coffee and dessert.
Great coffee! Owners are very friendly, comfy couches/good atmosphere, and good prices!
MOMO is the spot for some great sushi! Get the Irish role!! Anything you get, will be awesome!
Amazing Indian cuisine with exquisite and prompt service. I come often and am never disappointed.
Another pizzeria in town? From now on this is my only pizzeria! Great place
I drive a bit to visit, but it's worth it. Such a nice warm team. Always helpful and professional.
This place is great fast and they fixed my tire and rotated my tires for free can't beat that.
Horrible customer service had to leave, would not accommodate us. Will never come again!!!
Good  Food with Excellent Service. Very happy to have this addition in Centennial Hills.
Yummy local joint, and they have froyo for your dog! They should make a take away one for your cats.
Visited this club last weekend and it was EPIC! Great club and great host (Eric Yano)!
Great food at a great price! Fresh hot chips, delicious salsa. I'll be back for more.
Food is good customer service is horrible so much so I don't want to go there anymore.
Great work and great people. Did an excellent job on my truck and they were all super friendly.
Great ramen.  Simple with a full body broth.  Probably one of my favorite ramen shops, period.
5star for sure! The manager Chris is awesome and offers top notch customer service. Good stuff.
Lobster Spaghetti rocks. Perfectly cooked lobster over spaghetti. Impressive dish- love it!
Favorite hangout spot. I'm critical of the food temp here but that's about  it. Nice when slow.
Love this place! Healthy and tasty salads and quinoa bowls. Try their raspberry hibiscus tea.
Great neighborhood joint, Im just sorry we didn't know it was there sooner.
Absolutely stunning community! Great amenities, amazing office staff and great location!
awesome BBQ! We visited for the first time last Saturday. My only issue was the dine in area.
Best Stuffed pizza in Phoenix hands down. Way better then their competition on Camelback
good sushi, good location for student. U can have free deserts when u write yalp . Place not small
Fantastic view. Amicble servers.  Great and delicate food. Reasonably priced tasting menu
Good sushi and great service. A bit pricey but will return because of the quality sushi and service
Cocktails, Dim Sum and main courses were all excellent! Desert was a ok. Would like to go back soon!
Excellente p tisserie, et tr s belle place. Surtout ne changez rien.
i have no heat until Wednesday. Owner is not willing to do anything about it. Enough said.
Great customer service came here from out of town and she gave me and my daughter a free week!
the casino is fun - service is good - wish the tables gave me more money! haha
I'm glad you're on uber eats! Healthy option and good tasting chicken and carne asada!
Poor customer service. Mediocre coffee probably because of poor customer service.
Cool roof top, hang out....  Awesome view, pool, good prices.
Decent if you've never been to Shanghai.  Food tastes alright but not authentic.
Authentic Tortas and tacos. Fresh tortillas. Salsa and lime bar. Tell me what's wrong here? Nothing.
The first place my wife and I stop when we get PHX. Excellent as always with great employees!!
Short business valentines weekend  Staff and room where six stars  The best in Pittsburg
Go to use their cool bathroom tents.  Stay to have their air-fried spinach.
One of the best donkatsu I've ever had. Service is friendly and fast. Small menu, but delicious food
This is a Starbucks. It's like all the other Starbucks.
Excellent menu, great quality food and prepared to perfection. My favorite burger joint.
Had a mix up with the wrong order came in tje next day and they took care of everything. Thank you!
Just had a delicious mango, coconut butter smoothie. Happy to find this little Healthy gem.
My favorite place for roll tacos !! Been coming here for 2 years every time I stop in town. Love it
Great atmosphere, drinks were good, food was great, bartender was really nice.
Good seating area  ! Great comics ! Waitresses were also on good timing
Great atmosphere where everyone is welcome. Trinkets are a plus too. Always a fun time
Very friendly and attentive staff. Had French toast combo that was great! Pot of bread was tasty!
Great and friendly! Also asks for an ID with credit card!! I appreciate that a lot!! I'm koma toast!
Even though specific orders are placed doesn't mean you will get your food the way you ordered it.
This is one of my favorites for breakfast.  Try the corned beef, if you haven't already.
Ate there for first time,.and had the runs all night, dont think i will go back, titos revenge!!
Best lunch I've ever had. Loved our cocktails and the fish tacos were like biting into heaven!!!
Oh my Goodness, absolutely excellent food and service! Our waitress Nicole really knew her stuff!
Very good haircuts. I've been going here for years. Good prices too and friendly staff.
Trying this place out my girl lives the food here, place is very clean and food smells bomb
Consistent, high quality, wholesome food both at the restaurant and for catering.
wait was 40 mins, its understaffed , the food is not that great ! stick to roscoe's people!
I bought an $8.00 cigar and was told I have to spend more than $10.00 to sit down in the lounge.
I have been you this location several more times for various reasons and I always get good service.
Try Daves new juicy burgers.  Holy hell they are good!!
A M A Z I N G Drs!! Totally recommend them for any dermatology/cosmetic needs!
Good enough I suppose. Wasn't bad, wasn't great. Don't go out of your way to try it out.
Delicious! A place I would take people to explore when they visit Pittsburgh!
BEst steak and service and live music. We enjoy every time we go there.
Try the Moroccan Chicken on the low calorie menu.  I was really surprised at how great it is.
This place is the BEST burger is Scottsdale... I'm also obsessed with the sweet potato tots!
2 topping medium pizza 6 wings and a salad $35....what a joke...not impressive food either.
Pretty good Mexican food. Fresh guacamole is good!
Had a nice dinner her bcoz of the food and server. a hidden gem in vegas!
Definitely the best BBQ that I've had in Arizona. Will be going back for sure.
delicious, quick service and delicious food (the homestyle fries and poutine have my heart)
Service was excellent and food was really good. Tera and Kelsey were awesome bartenders.
Great quality, fresh ingredients and reasonable prices. Love that they hand toss the dough to order
Service is slow. Waiting over 20 minutes to see a banker.
Great Ramen and perfect food to warm you up ! Tonkatsu and shoyu are tasty !
Great people, great music, great workout, great space.  So much fun!
Great place for Saturday brunch. Had bottomless mimosas, delicious food, good service.
I sat at the Sushi bar. Food was fresh and tasty. A bit pricy for standard Sushi but good.
Tthis place is sex. Smash fries in and around my mouth. end rant, you're welcome.
One of the best Italian restaurants in Toronto + Kids Friendly.
Pretty average dunkin fare, but they gave me a weird look when I ordered tea.
best breakfast place in Las Vegas .. !! awesome environment!!!
No signs but pizza was really good. Entrance way was really cool to "stumble" through as well
David was a great server! He was hilariously funny and the food was very tasty as well.
Great change!  Used to be Tom's BBQ. More selection on the menu. Taste of Louisiana in Chandler!
Wow. Just freaking wow..... mango avocado salad, house made lager and pork shoulder tacos.
Forgot our order. Cold food. Very well done burger ordered medium rare. 2 wrong beers. Ugh.
Don't come on Tuesdays. They reserve the whole restaurant for trivia with only reservations.
Can't go wrong. Good flavor. Good portion. Good pricing. Just sucks that its soooo far.
These guys did a good job installing my radio speakers and sub nice job work well done
Excellent teriaki chicken lunch. And sushi! Staff is friendly and food is always tasty.
Again with my sweet tooth. Place is a little dirty so not sure I'd come back for any reason.
Great staff! The ease my fears in pain and work with me. Definitely will recommend to anyone asking!
Very flesh meat. Beef is marbled and tastes like wagyu. Sauce is very light. Good environment.
This is what happens when monopolies exist. Pathetic company at best.
Great food. Great price and very fast. No frills Vietnamese food that is fresh and good.
They charged me twice and their customer support was rude and useless, never got my money back.
Just a very relaxing, chill place to have an awesome cigar!  Hand rolled on the premises.
My favorite brunch place. The avocado toast is to die for and the food is pretty high quality.
The company did a great job on repairing my spring on my garage door.  I would use them again.
Great deal, great selection, fun! Small but I love that! Can't wait to go again.
Terrible. Waiter less than interested. Forgot our appetizer. Shrimp and grits were horrible.
Food is always fresh and cooked to order! Anytime you're in the Ballantyne area stop on by.
Stopped in for chicken nachos during layover.    Food was good and tasty.   Service was very quick.
Cammy is fantastic. The regulars are friendly and it's a great casual place for a beer.
The best croissants in Pittsburgh.  The coffee was good too!
Love this place!! Awesome happy hour and food! I can overlook the dirty bathrooms once in a while.
Poolside bar. Awesome view of the mountains and the Phoenix skyline. Moscow mules. Need I say more.
Best sushi spot in Vegas , Stacie roll, Ugly roll, screaming O! Must have . All you can eat
Great place to visit . Good beer and good lanes the staff was amazing very attentive.
Great craft beer and great staff!! Love the live musicians!!
Very bad service, forgot our meals, for twice, and insisted that was the machine's problem.
Good traditional breakfast the baked muffins are excellent and food portions are just right.
Great find in Scarborough! I no longer need to go to Yonge street for great Korean food.
One of the greatest sandwich shops in Cleveland.  love the people and the food
Food was amazing! My son who is beyond picky ate his whole meal!
Our favorite place to have lunch love there food and customer service my favorite dish is the nachos
Love this place. Reliable, good service, great bacon and eggs. Wish they were open more often.
Love this place the employees are so nice and helping! Never have left  unhappy with the car wash.
Great food as always for a good price! Cashier seemed grumpy today and can ruin one's appetite!
The staff ands security are rude and prices are insane. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Our meal was ridiculously good and very modestly priced.  Sat in the bar due to a long wait.
Really lively environment n good for kids too. Live music w lots to see, eat n drink.
Definitely coming back. Food was great and Hydrabadi Biryani was mind blowing.  5 star...
Animals sleep...go early at opening so you can see shows and animnals awake!
Not surprisingly, it appears this place has closed down.  Worst. Service. Ever.
Another excellent repair of my iPad mini screen.
Love this place!!! Great Mac n' cheese! Love the bottomless mimosas!!! Thanks Jennine!
stopped in on spur of moment.  Great Pizza. Loaded with toppings.  New favorite for pizza
Either table service or sit at the bar to enjoy lunch, dinner or a late night meal.
Great food, awesome workers! Loved the environment! The best wings I've every had! :)
I love this place! good customer service and good food. It's my go to sushi spot!
I'm addicted to this place and go once a week now love their fried chicken chicken strips and fries!
Clean inside. Quick drive thru. Always get my order right. What more can you ask for from a tbell?
Yummy, delicious, fresh food.  Definitely worth the price.
Awful service. The halibut tasted like it was a warmed up frozen dinner.
The best view in the city..... Mary Serniak would love it
Bonne ambiance pour les soir es entre amis. Le services est sympatique et les plats classiques.
Food was excellent, and the setting is very cozy. I will definitely be going back soon!
Ordered one time. Pizza was just okay. Garlic knots were cold and hard. Will not order again.
Very good service and great food the beef and chicken are my favorite very juicy and tasty
Really crappy food, dirty tables, staff had an attitude when I asked for knife for my steak.
Nice Goodwill in a new location. Good variety of items.
Tried it, liked it, recommend it! Pizza is very good, Ravioli with meat sauce was also very good!
Good food
I love Bugsy!  They showed up on time and handled our scorpion problem!  Thank you Chris!
Great staff, very good with information and facts. Was busy but didn't wait to long to get in.
Nice outdoor patio. Very friendly and helpful staff and managers.
Across from A5 gate.  Good guac and pricey margaritas
Excellent breakfast! So many pancake options, it's hard to choose. Everything was delicious.
Delicious sandwiches and great service and atmosphere.  Perfect indoor or outdoor seating.
Just found my favourite coffee shop in Airdrie!  Love the beans from Rosso.  Goodbye Starbucks....
OK location, small with limited seating. Staff are not friendly at all. Meh.
I had met some friend 2 weeks ago, great food and service, they also have a great Happy Hour.
Very reasonable prices for excellent, largely portioned food! Favorite pho place by far.
Two words: Pineapple fried rice. Best thai food in Pittsburgh, and I've had it all.
Super rich and delicious noodles, pork belly bowl very tasty
Very nice interior, clean, big space.  The coffee was very good.  Looking forward to returning.
Food is good. Decent beer list. Service was great. Nice atmosphere. Definitely will be coming back.
Clubs come and go, but this place is here to stay. Monday (industry night) is probably my fave.
Good food but staff forgot about my niece & me for approx 2 hrs, so, our food & drinks were free.
Place is cool but the taste of food isn't to my liking.
Do yourself a favor, and just go here now. Wedge salad and a large order of fried zucchini
Great people, best service,  Top notch.
Love this burger joint!
absolutely love the margarita pizza here. And super reasonable. Get the slices for best experience
overall repair service was OK and smooth but the price was too high.
Very good sushi. But there wasn't anyone else in here while I ate so it felt awkward.
Waited at the drive through speaker for 10 minutes with no response and then just reversed and left.
Great salon off  the strip - no parking issues and fantastic stylist
Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.
This is by far the best nail salon in vegas!! My nails are always flawless and never break!!!
Great breakfast place.  Wide variety of omelets and entrees.  Good service, fast seating.
All I have to say is the barbacoa is heaven in a tortilla!!! YUM!!!
Excellent food and drinks. Modern and delicious. We went for restaurant week and had a great time.
Great gym great staff. Coaches are knowledgable and keep a fun atmosphere come check them out.
Their ceviche is to die for along with their tableside guacamole service. Love this place...
Fantastic carne & pollo asada!
Great food,fast service!  Love it! They have great salad options.  All calories are listed too.
Took one hour to get our meal. This is ridiculous. Won't be coming here any time soon.
Good food great price! Brisket, turkey really good. Nice atmosphere clean and comfortable.
Great late night option. Happy with the food and service.
I had laser hair removal of my bikini line and fantastic results! Very professional and clean.
Today I'm having the turkey burger with sweet potato fries good stuff and like always great service
Sarah was wonderful!  I was totally relaxed and thoroughly enjoyed my in-room massage!
Jeffery was amazing, making everything quick and efficiency.
Beautiful blowout!  I looked like a movie star. I will definitely be back.
Overpriced flavorless pizza.  Nothing really stands out and I've tried different pizzas as well.
Food and wait staff get high marks.  Atmosphere was bright and trendy, but very loud.
Very good breakfast. Clean and tidy. Friendly service Best home fries in TO
I'm still dreaming of going back there, possibly the best coffee I've had in Montreal!!
Great food. Good service!  If you are new to the Surprise area this place  is a must.
Mediocre pho. Not much I can say - if you want viet food, this is an option.
Great $12 lunch to go! If you press it really tight, you can get 2 portions lunch :)
Excellent AYCE sushi!! Good variety and flavor. Will definitely return for our next sushi fix.
I love this place. Food is amazing, afordable and service is awesome. Love you guys!
ok BBQ HAVE had better but this isn't kansas dorothy... small portion for a 13$ lunch.
Come here every week, love the atmosphere. Food is amazing, try their buttermilk pancake
Can't beat taco tuesday... $1.25 fish tacos after 2:30pm.  Good salsas.  Overall great value.
Good and simple concept. They have a couple of soups and salads. Everything looks fresh and clean.
The food is so yummy!  Service was great and the Tiramisu was absolutely heavenly.  I will return!
Wonderful food. Always a good buffet. Best homemade mango ice cream. Love going back there.
I can always count on an appointment at the time I want. Courtney does the best eye brow wax ever!
Great place for big beers and good times!
Great inexpensive nail place near the strip.  They did a great job and super friendly.
Amazing!  The classes are awesome, the instructors great, and it's worth every penny!
Beautiful  place, cute little ahops and  restaurants . I love walking there just for the scenery.
Have to visit again to try different food before I give a full review...
I literally love this place.  Best tacos in the city hands down and excellent service to boot.
If you want real Puerto Rican food with no frills this is it! Easy, reasonable and delicious!
Absolutely perfect brunch, along with great service. Be sure to try their pot of bread!
Good people, great job. If you need wheels and tires these guys are knowledgeable and professional.
The best. very nice ambiance . Most importantly the food is delicious, plus the lemonade amazing
Good place for special occasion. Ontario beer is good. Try it. We had fish, shrimps and chiken.
Food is alway great, and staff are wonderful! We love the vibe at this establishment!
The most disgusting unprofessional racist people I ever met in my life please don't support
if you can ignore the moody servers, you'll enjoy the pizza here.
Best And Most Professional Barbershop In Las Vegas.
Always an amazing experience coming to Sami's! The service is great and every employee is on point!
Another Calgary gem hidden near the motel village.
Fast and friendly service just in time for summer. Only pool company I trust.
Always friendly and I get great service every time! Recommend this place for every auto need!
1 hour and 50 minutes to receive a cold gelatinous pizza. They think this is acceptable.
Good food. Reasonable prices. Easy to order online. No complaints.
Pear cider on tap and great ground beef quesudilla's!!!!
Sorry  Kids it's closed!!  Its soooo sad they were barely open ..
Gabby did a terrific job!  A great place to watch the Golfers come in off 18.
Okay, business trip and eating a buffet alone..let's see how it goes
Had ribs & fries - outstanding.  VG service - friendly & attentive. Spotless.  Will return soon.
Seeta was absolutely amazing! She was super talkative and made me feel very comfortable.
BEST SUSHI! Free soup and ice cream. I like tempura.
Had to get some new tires in a hurry. I came in at 5:30pm and they got me taken care of.
Horrible unfair company, more to come...
Best green curry I've had. Everyone at work raves about this place, and for a good reason.
Our favorite steakhouse when we're in town, the New York steaks are always very good.
Friendly staff, best ambiance to hang out. Fresh food made daily. Worth every penny! A must try!
So good and affordable. The bread sticks are the bomb. Must try the pizza it's amazing.
Great food. The spinach salad is great. Price is a little on the high side.
Even though XS is not new anymore, it's still one of my favorite clubs to go to!
Great place to get your eyeglass prescription filled!
MY FAVOURITE INDIAN RESTAURANT! Enough said!
I had a HUGE Meat Calzone with a Coke. Price was reasonable.
Best sushi place in the entire PHX area. Great food, drinks, service and atmosphere.
Fun little place- great views.. The DJ was pretty good.. Good starting place.
Excellent. Great food, great service. Busy on a Friday morning, obviously others know about it.
Had to ask for water, refills on salsa and barely had any interaction with our waiter.
This location no longer exists. The listed phone number is for the 24335 Chagrin store.
Great hotel. Very clean. The cookie was delicious. I'd go back.
A really great place to hang, eat some great food and have drinks. Service is fabulous!
Great sushi spot in Glendale.  Always the freshest fish, lots of unique rolls and fantastic service.
Dan and his team continue to present and create memorable experiences and fantastic food.
The passion fruit of pistachio is definitively a must have! Each layers gives a special taste.
Really great breakfast. This place is always busy! Def try their homemade bread and jam!!
Great store and customer service. Only ones to have a breast cancer cane out of 6 stores.
Great job from this company. Everything went smooth with the install.
The mac & cheese burger is probably my favorite thing ever!!
Great staff, and a lot of fun. Blizzard (their dog) is also really cool.
Great salsa. Great food. Great service and great prices. I could mainline their salsa.
Thai toast and dumplings excellent  Pad Thai Green Curry also very good Service excellent
Fresh meat, fresh fish and everything Bought [huge]half rack of bbq ribs for only $10
Great place for weekend breakfast or brunch. Freshly squeezed orange juice is a must have.
Good ramen, they had one job and they nailed it!
Clean A Taste A Service A The Area C  Overall 5 stars just be careful not to park far night time.
New location is a much needed upgrade from the old location. Solid food with great portion sizes.
Great atmosphere, service and delicious sandwich! I had the build your own breakfast sandwich YUM
green car, red car, yellow light, black car turning left, idiot crossing road rawrrrr
The best club in Vegas. Smart layout, best looking and mannered people by far.
Smells and taste so good. Got the Crispi pata and Kare Kare combo! Sat. They have brunch buffet.10$
It was all fabulous! Highly recommended! The flavors were all new, original, and fun.
Worst place ever! The owner ( a lady) is the rudest person Ever! Please please please don't support
Nice little spot to get wings on sundays, 50 cents ea.  More than 15 different flavors too!
Great place for a bite in the airport! Food is fresh and the oatmeal power bar is the bomb!
I love these resorts, from Florida to Vegas...they are nice and huge!
Fast, friendly service and good breakfast.  No complaints.  I would eat here again.
We would gladly drive the almost 50 miles from our house to this BBQ joint.  You've gotta try it!
Cone was stale and had a hole in the bottom so I made a mess! Service was great though!
Unfriendly staff. Manager did not care  dirty  bathroom
Giving 4 starts for their decor,  friendly staff but desserts and tea didn't make 5 star
amazing, delicious food! new favorite place to eat and definitely a must if you're in Pittsburgh.
Awesome place to go for a late night snack. Usually a long line, but it's worth the wait!
Great food great service! Overall a great experience.
Amazing breakfast! Very busy place, that's why I had to try it out. Can't wait to go back.
Wow.... Dean is very good hair stylist.. you won't disappoint when you get hair cut from him.
Simple bar and grill with a simple menu. I recommend the salmon sliders and the tater tots.
Overpriced, underwhelming food. Great bar/happy hour joint with live music.
Clean environment, friendly and professional staff. I like their haircuts they do a fantastic job.
Food is ok... nothing to write home about. Better place to sit back and have a few cold ones.
La meilleur Soupe Tonkinoise sur la rive sud hands down!
This place is simply amazing! The good is so good, priced fairly and it all tastes so fresh!
bone in filet with creamed corn and mac n cheese....orgasmic
Staff is nice enough. Dr. Nielson seemed a little cold for a children's doctor.
Okay for beer lovers.  Quite loud and the food is mediocre.
Best local bar dwn twn freemont stiff drinks good prices and the staff is awesome.
Great Service! Great ambiance! Great food! Need I say more? Scottsdale's best!
CJ is great, we use him for all our computers, business and personal.  Highly recommended.
thank you for a nice stay and clean environment.  Definitely say hear again.
Delish and price spot on! Service was good. It was an off time after 2pm. Want to visit again soon.
Delicious high quality food. Must try their unique version of green tea cr me br l e.
Best Buffet I have ever been to!!!!!!!  absolutely and amazing selection!
Get the hot pastrami or the BLT. Service is great! It is a great addition to the neighborhood.
Amanda is THE best. Once you go to her, you won't want anyone else doing your nails. Guaranteed!
Tastes really good! I ordered Earl Grey cotton candy and lychee rain drop cake. You should go(:
Tiffany did a fantastic job on my makeup!!! Thank you Tiffany for making me looks beautiful. Love it
Chicken parm was ok, the lasagna was pretty good  Lemon chicken was probably the best
Love the desert over there... Everything is good especially their salad ;) love love love. Must try
Absolutely fantastic food!!! The avocado poke is delicious and hubbs loved his food too.
Told you when u opened 6 months...maybe a year..if there is a next time consult the experts,1st
Business no longer exists.  Phone number belongs to another company.
Great friendly service.  Menu is extensive and the food was superb.
Best thing ever. The guy was hilarious! I had green tea with lychee and pineapple and blueberry.
Always a treat. Evert trip to vegas this is a must. Veggie slice and cheese are great.
Food was amazing and I would totally go again! Plus it's so much cheaper than anywhere else!:-)
Fresh juices, no additives or sugars. Fun and friendly service
I should have read the Yelp before reserving. 1 guy, long line. STAFF YOUR COMPANY, AVIS.
I don't know why this place has bad reviews. Best service and food I've had at this franchise.
You can do better Mexican food at home. Quite easily. Not bad if there aren't any other options.
Mon panini au thon etait bon, achaland , bon service, des plantes   l'interieur ca fait du bien.
Love this place! Delicious food, friendly staff, unique experience, and a store to boot!
I love this place and my, oh my, your sweet potato fries are to die for!
Worst sales tactics ever! Waste of time, will happily take my money elsewhere!
Wow! I called in for a breakfast burrito only, and the girl says its a 45 minute wait....really!!!
Fast, tasty, healthy, real food. Wish there were more places like this. I will be back!
Jason is great ! Honest and reasonable. I highly recommend him for all your garage door needs !
Been here once a week since they opened. Recommend the wet burrito with mole chicken.
I love this place!!! You have to try the tacos on taco tuesdays. They're amazing! and affordable.
Cold food and the old lady has the nerve to argue with me smh never will I return to this place!!
A wonderful dining experience of deliciousness.  Nvam Pho is on our regular go to places
Great venue to see some incredible performances. We saw West Side Story last weekend.
Delicious food! Huge burritos, stuffed with tons of meat. Really enjoyed Pico too.   A must try!!!
Best croque madam in town but service wasn't great.
Great value Good food Good service Salsa good Pork wings great--ask for sauce on side
I come here so often that the staff recognize me. One of the better pho broths I've had in Montreal
green chile stew is amazing, one of the few that order hot green from Abq
Such a cute place and staff is very friendly. The jasmine green tea latti is my favorite!
Baku is arguably the best restaurant in North Carolina.
Good value compared to many asian places.
Great place. Great customer service. Lots of gun choices. I would definitely recommend this place.
this place is so good and flavorful.. my favorite  the rajas and queso gordita..  must try..
Best Italian, period.
Quick wait time, friendly doctor, got what I needed....couldn't ask for more
Ver nice place, great food, perfect atmosphere. Go there, you will not regret!
I'm not big into donut shops but this has changed all that. Unique. Delicious. Melt in your mouth!
Burger was good.  Fries were ok.  Service was ok.  Worth a second trip.  Didn't try to hotdogs.
Crap parking! Over Crowded  Not a lot of food options  or resting spots
I had a breakfast dish and loved it.  Another time I had a salad and it was spinach and dressing.
The sushi was good but overpriced. The burger was really good and the service was fast.
Waited so long to order at the menu box that I just left. They seem to always be short staffed.
Good location always have what I need. Prices are competitive. Staff has been helpful.
Great drinks for great prices! Excellent service too. Mike B is the man. Thanks again
Awesome place! Affordable, clean, and the staff is so nice! Had a blast for my bachelorette party!
Came in looking like a troll, came out looking like Beyonc ! AMAZING WORK!!! Would 100% recommend!
Amazing. Their iced coffee is the best I've ever had and you can't beat their crepes. Love.
Friendly staff, fun decor, good music, food was delicious as usual. Right on Raising Canes!
Her work is consistently perfect, on-time and reasonably priced.
Jaco pork taco and white bean gratin are my favorite! Try the tico sauce too!! Yummy!!
Good fresh food. Nice ambience. Great service by Eric.
Great atmosphere. Very clean and quiet. Like something right out of pinterest.
I love their ramen!! taste so fresh and something that you can't have in Las Vegas.
Great customer service. Awesome food and products. Great environment. All around great place to eat
Best Salad, wrap and humans! I loved this place- wish there was one of these on the West Side!
Came in for some dinner. I'm having The Smokehouse burger meal with a large Mountain Blast Powerade.
yelp needs to update -  the speedpark at concord mills is not closed!
Delicious bagels and coffee! Great selection of sandwiches for breakfast and lunch! Love this place!
The shuttle was always on time and the chauffeur was always helpful and friendly.
Delicious food, fun atmosphere, nice service,  and at a great price. Definitely coming again!
Sandwiches are addicting !  Really good.  I will eventually try them all.  And a B NH BAO ...
We love this place, the food is fantastic. Great spices and good quality food for the price :)
Our waitress Amanda was friendly and attentive.  The food was wonderful.  I recommend this Ihop.
Amazing atmosphere. Food is consistent,  parking can be tough but it is just a heavy plaza
An italian place that can not seat a family of 10 what a joke!
Awesome! This little quaint place was right up our alley. Fresh cocktails and a delicious food!!
This is my third time having dinner here.  The quality is good and tasty.  I likevthis place a lot.
No change after a year!  Still absolutely great care from all their team and Tony is still my man!
Lunch buffet was good and tasty. Had good number of veggie options. Service of Hotel staff was nice.
Fast service, got an appointment easily. The worker was friendly and quick. Highly recommend.
Friendly staff.. Not impressed with the food.   Nothing like Zaxbys, not from here sorry.
Nice place for a good time with family or friends!  Lemon Parmesan Shrimp! Just perfect!
Raw fish is bomb! Everything on the menu is good! Come before 6 or make reservations its GOOD!!
A great place to gamble with nice friendly dealers and gamblers. Clean bathrooms, good food.
Great chili cheese burger. Messy and gets all over your hands and fingers! Fantastic!
It is the worst place to have food in vegas, pls don't try this place, you will regret.
Cole had excellent customer service and really made our visit exceptional!!  Thank you Cole!
Always have the best prices and great selection.  I highly recommend DS nutrition to all my friends.
The room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut. Not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day.
Almost two years later and the quality and customer service has not wavered!!!! Thank you Petiamo!!
I love to come for the Micheladas!! Spicy and delicious with whatever beer u prefer!:)
Wow.
Good job Gatos. I only rent from this location.
Margaritas were solid, tacos were delicious, atmosphere is energizing.
Bon service et vraiment pas cher! La terasse est trop mignonne, avec un bon verre de limonade
The food is delicious and the portions are perfect! Never fail to satisfy. Will come back again!
Food was meh. Nothing to write home about and pretty expensive.
Amazing service and great food. Big portions but we cleared it all. Would definitely recommend it!
Excellent food , and service .   Will return it's a great place. But they like reservations
Great food and a quick place to grab a well cooked meal. Amazing service and worth the tip!
Pretty average taco for a 60-70 minute wait. These guys are not ready for a prime time showdown.
We eat here almost every month, excellent veal and pasta dishes, pizza and likes the seafood salad.
Strange cracks than an peeling screen what to expect when going to iPhone doctor be weary.
The brisket hash is the reason I came back.  They ran out one time and it broke my heart.
Meilleure pizza du coin. Service de livraison rapide. Quoi dire de plus, c'est la meilleure pizza !
This is the best BBQ! The atmosphere is laid-back and comfortable. Awesome lunch spot!
Kathleen was great, as always. We love working with her and are happy with our purchases!
Always nommin on their chocolate gobs (whoopie pies) theyre ridiculous
This place has great beer... and friendly atmosphere I will for sure come back... loved it!
Chilaquiles verdes ARE THE best  i Really like this place (far from me but worth going)
If you are in the neighbrhood and hungry and this is you only option then its OK.
Best Southwest Mexican Food in Phoenix.
(3.5) ~ good overall food & service  MY MENU: ** Poutine = (4) very good * Burger = (3) ok
Hands down the best Deli in Cleveland and the customer service here is by far the best I have had.
I wish that I had to sh*t right now so I could expel this horrific garbage from my body.
local wonderful place. very delicious garlic sauce. special Colombian taste.
Love this place. Great people, friendly atmosphere. good is phenomenal. bartenders are great
Great place for al car services!  Smog Oil Change Car Wash  Gas Video Poker Mexican Grill
I ordered the same dish sorry its that Good! Grilled chicken with veggies we need to come here more
Best beet salad ever - never a disappointment at Heritage
STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION! Unless you enjoy being physically attacked by employees 4x your size.
Kids had fun. Came two days in a row. Staff is really cool and friendly. Great place for families.
North Commerce location is NASTY & DIRTY. Went in and and quickly changed my mind about ordering.
Has the old Vegas feel, which is nice. The food is good, but nothing super memorable.
Friendly staff, could use more seat/table space inside.
The salon is staged well and makes you feel relaxed. Good service and my nails always look great.
Wow!! The smell alone is amazing! The complementary tea is wonderful! I love it here!
HONEST and reliable. Quick turn around with great consistent customer service. Highly recommend.
Perfect neighborhood bar! Good food and fairly priced.
Amazing and crave-worthy... wanna blow their minds? Be caucasian and order #8... you're welcome.
Outstanding brews and great food selection.
Didn't Disappoint - Yeehaa Stampede!  Kids Loved the pool
Just ok.
You are crazy if you pass this one up! A complete blast every time we go.
Delicious french toast, western omelette and great customer service. Will keep coming back.
Great prices and salsa red and green.  Stick to the basics and you won't be disappointed
Great, quick Pad Sew!  Brand new location, clean and a definite return visit in my future.
The basement restroom area stinks like rotten milk and bleach but the Kishka is outstanding.
Always consistently great food.  My favorite crab puffs, beef with broccoli and house noodle soup.
Their happy hour is great!!! Dont miss it!
It was greasy, they don't put onions in the hashbrowns. I would not recommend this place
Super good food, love the strawberry cream crepes!! Not a long wait to be seated. Staff is pleasant.
Great coffee, Good Food and Friendly wait staff. Solid all around off strip dining.
The burgers are great, but you can freeze your ass off on these metal chairs.
Delicious! Great food, great service, excellent martini! Beautiful view, reasonable prices!
Best wings in town. Great burgers. Best HH and nightly specials. Find a Zipp's near you.
Went in one time. Bagels are way too salty!! Literally made me sick to my stomach. Never again!
Great soup! Chicken enchilada soup is on point. Great custom sandwich. Grilled chicken is the bomb
Awesome local bands, and great prices on drinks.
Eclectic, foodie, trendy -- all in a good way.  With excellent artwork and outdoor seating.
Great food and attentive, yet not disturbing service. Oh, and it's BYOW, which you should do do :)
too much bread!
We went with our granddaughter after preschool and had a blast! Great outing for all ages.
Nice new audio bits.  Mac amps JBL monitors.   Classy.
Amazing! We love coming here for date nights and specials occasions. Food is superb and fresh.
Un peu co teux mais magnifique terrasse
Got me financing on needed repairs. Thank you!  Good job AAMCO.
Small airport easy to get in and out of. Free Wifi! What else do you need. Verry clean too.
Really good hotdogs with mustard, chili and coleslaw.   Atmosphere is vintage and kitschy.
Knowledge combined w experience makes for good outcomes. RV repair on our Rig outstanding.
this buffet was sg. straight garbage! they seriously need to revamp that thing. horrible!
The set up was nice and the staff was very friendly can't wait to come back for early gender reveal.
Eveything I have had is amazing Enchiladas  Fajitas Street Tacos  Friendly staff and very clean.
Try the porkster burger, just remember to bring some wet naps
Damn good sandwiches. Try the eggplant parm!
Fabulous all around! Friendly service and clientele. Lose this place, I'll be back tomorrow
Just had to throw in my 5 stars.  Just go already.
Tr s bel endroit r tro, bon service, une petite carte de qualit .  Je recommande !
One of my favorite local spots to go eat!!! I really love the ono chicken and the hamburger steak!!!
Great food, great value for you money. Very friendly to children.  Food is hot and tasty!
Great portions! Very nice. Delicious. Seems very fresh and quite good. I liked their rice.
AMAZING TREATS! Pricey..but amazing! :)
The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.
Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name.
I fell in love with the Samoa gelato: coconut & chocolate.  See www.mulberrystreetcreamery.com
It's OK.  Much over hyped.... now that they are branching out to other locations it's lost a lot.
Fast and excellent service!!  Was able to come in 30 mins! Very professional! Highly recommend them!
Had the prime rib and it was excellent and the new building is very nice.
The Mash was incredible! Great wine, and the food... very flavorful! recommended all the way!
The sportsbook is solid, the adjacent poker room is cramped.
Excellent food waiter and waitress very professional.   Amazing food.  The aroma is heavenly.
Delicious home made dessert ! Family owned and they show they truly care about their customers.
Favourite pizza in Montreal. Great patio too!
Been here 3 or 4 times. Number 1 jeweler in the city!!! Lance & Torro rock!!  "Nuff said". Gino West
Food is average for the quality of Pho but the service on the other hand could be worked on.
Great selection of brews, yummy pizza, and awesome staff!
Best thai food in town. Dont forget to check in for the free "thai tea " :))
Just had my dental cleaning by Laurie. Never thought I'd have fun getting my teeth cleaned!
Love the food! I've been there 4 times already! The captain's boil sauce is the best!
I ordered a cake for my sister's 30th and the cake was exactly what i wanted, so beautiful
This place was da bomb - their donuts were delicious  - made of coconut oil, so sad they closed down
Got a facial and was very impressed w/what they teach there estheticians...good prices!
TM has decent food for a bar. The beer selection is great though which makes up for it.
Decent Mexican food.  Nothing overly special, but edible.  Good lunch prices.
Perfect portion of fresh ingredients to a healthy choice for every visitors delight...
Terminal 3 is showing its age, but the wine bar by the Delta gates is a welcome addition.
Qualitativ hochwertiges Buffet, ausgezeichnete Auswahl. 35$ pro Person, aber jeden Cent wert.
Awesome staff very friendly, personable, and honest.  Great service at reasonable price.
Dr Crystal and staff were amazing and friendly! Convenience of location is wonderful for us too!
The waiting staff are very friendly. They have a great selection of cocktails and small bites.
A bunch of m f ers. The only thing they care about is how to rob you more.
I love this place!  Food is delicious, service is friendly and the price is right.  Try the pupusas.
The ramen was cold  But your tattoos were smokin  Las Vegas Thursday   -A. Pinault
I would recommend this place for a nice dinning experience and a fantastic brunch.  Don't miss out!
I like this place a lot and its comfortable atmosphere and the food and portion is good
I don't really like Mongolian Grill concepts... But YC does it right...
Just tried Grandma's Pizza, amazing! Not sure if I want any other kind of pie.
looks like a great gym, just be aware kids 3 and under cannot use the pool!
Hummas plate is pretty good, tried a small pizza wasn't impressed, but I would try it out again.
The best hookah, great food and service. As a resident downtown there's no other place to be!
Excellent place to get a bite, drink or watch the game. Friendly folks. Tons of TVs, very relaxing.
Very cool spot, drinks are kind of pricey ($14 for a Macallan 12) but GM Scott is very helpful.
The best Indian food I have had in Vegas.  Only turnoff no chicken briyani in the buffet.
Overpriced, boring food. Extremely expensive cocktails. Not worth the trip.
Really cool bar. Fun time for an evening. Had the Jell-O shots and tried to win a motorbike
This place sucks.  How can you be out of white bread at 5:15 pm on a Saturday night ? Total crap
bad food, bad service, extremely overpriced.
pricey but food is top quality, Saag paneer was very good and the butter chicken. always packed
Friendly staff, no pushy salesmen, decent selection of Giant bikes
Uno de Mis Faboritos y Mejores Restaurantes que Siempre que los Encuentro tengo que llegar a Comer.
EXCELLENT service by Analy and fantastic food! I highly recommend the watermelon margaritas.
May be a little bit of a wait but the food is delicious and their coffee is to die for
Simply Exquisite !!   quand l' TOILE?
Great place to eat , good food , quick and easy! All of family loves it!
My waxed barely spoke English and it was a bad overall experience. I won't go back to this location.
It's always a great time when I go to Moo Woo! Great staff, great atmosphere, and great food!
Such a great time!!! Expensive to get them to play a song you request, but fun either way.
Rude blonde lady is the owner, undercooked pies and overpriced. I would save your money.
Absolutely phenomenal!!! Very knowledgeable and fast and I would recommend this place over any other
online check in is very helpful, allow customer to skip the counter when picking up vehicle
Its overly hyped. Decent ramen with a too long wait. They are open late which is a huge plus.
Courtney was nice to me and my auntie and she is really pretty. Thank you courtney ~makayla
Every kind of hard liquor you can think of is here and in different sizes. Staff super nice.
moved away from my fav,"rubalcabas" but robertos is bomb too!
Good food! Alot of serving.  Flavorful tacos. Place is clean.  Will definitely come back
Good rates, not the best location, buffets are overrated, casino has a cheesy feel.
Best non $100 mani pedi going. All equipment is new, clean and well maintained. Love this place.
Had the Captains Burger, one of the best I've every had.  Great service at the Bar.
Yummy Tapas! Awesome atmosphere! Except my friend found a hair in her shrimp dish...eek!
Love this place. Great splash pad and tot lot.
Dark. Ominous. Good bar.
Very Nice wait staff. Ordered the Spider Roll it was great ! I would come again! :) Happy Sushing!
best buffet in vegas, hands down.  dinner is better than lunch -- more selection.  enjoy!
My favorite diner in Ohio. I love partying at Kent and going to Mike's in the morning.
Sushi is solid, but I really love this place for the friendly service and excellent owner.
Amazing. Best Thai food! Delicious and fresh green curry. Unique and delicious brown rice.
cool place and great coffee and tea.  friendly staff.  hip and trendy place.  I love it.
Good steak sub and chocolate chunk cookies and fresh cut fries.
Threw up after having Bhel puri. New to this, please have a read of my previous review.
Best place to eat in town!!!  Food is exceptional as is the service!  HIGHLY recommend!
The Food was alright. Great atmosphere and awesome drink selection.
Thank you for providing gluten free cupcakes and other goodness for those that need it! Delicious!
Professional, quality massage, I will definitely be back.  Support this small local business.
amazing sopes!! amazing burritos!! amazing quesadillas!! amazing everything!!
In town for meeting and found Matts Big Breakfast.   Great food and service.  Recommend highly.
The restaurant was full of Mexican customers! Need I say more
Delicious noodle and the soup taste so good . I would definitely come to this as daily dining
love it when this morning crew has time to make you laugh, they always do such a great job.
Had the burgetta burger. Very different but very good! And got tons of fries (enough to share)
Great happy hour prices.  Loved the sushi rolls and the tempura veggies were the bomb.
Excellent sushi, reasonable prices, and great service from a friendly staff. You can't ask for more!
Very good traditional standard pho. Good price, fast service, delicious as pho always is. 5/5
Nice little place to pop in for quick little pedi for the price. Quick, clean, friendly.
Really clean.Nice displays.Great prices.Staff was really helpful.Will be going back soon
Worst service, we had to give a tip for a glass of water with the purchase of 5 cigars.
Good service. Good food. Good ppl. Panda always does the job  but no more panda. Health reasons
was refereed here for the seafood buffet oh how my wife loved this place so much thank you
food is ok servers are VERY nice and helpful management is: non existent, rude, and not caring
The burger was great. I'm not a fan of their fries... But man that was a good burger!
I love soup.. but I love Clear Soups..  too many thick creamy soups.  Another Panera.
Super friendly staff. Made my sandwich with no bread. A special request came out perfect.  Thanks.
Love the food and excellent pricing! Good space and nice ambience. Need more places like this
This place is so hood. One day I will find a three armed shirt, and I will buy it.
The food is good! I enjoy the Singapore rice noddles.
Afrojack 7/6 = Amazing. Best way to spend my last night of my 20's. Well done, XS.
Woooo is the best place for lunch..  The pollo con queso is soooo goooood Thanks
The food is very good but the lady with the accent is friggin bii**h. Haven't been back since.
Great place to eat the food is absolutely delicious...
Probably one of the worst Pizza Huts in Charlotte. Stay away. Don't waste time or money.
So good!  Real authentic Italian food just the way grandma made it in the old days!
It's the best prices and selection of produce.   Only knock is always busy
I don't come here often, only in special events. This place is not so fun and boring actually.
Extensive craft beer selection and good live music.  Highly recommend the Super Salad
Love the sauce, but service was slow and fries anemic...
Great airport. They've significantly improved their operations over the years. Money well spent
Ummmm.... I hate to say it, but McDonald's is better ! Soggy, sloppy, mess! Won't be back!
Excellent food, atmosphere and margaritas!  The service was also very good. Definitely going back.
Excellent sandwiches, awesome fries and lemonade! The Philly Cheesesteak never disappoints.
Service is great, owners are super nice and the food is yummy, love the crab Rangoon!
I have been going here since it opened. The only decent sushi in the SW Valley. Good service
Love their atmosphere and friendly staff. Food is great and enjoy eating here. Will be back. Ole
My fav. Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Really excellent food.  The curries are all superb.
Food was decent, staff was very attentive but its your typical chain resturant.
Nice Staff & Great place to chill, drink coffee, & hang on wifi.
Nice French flavor outside Montreal. Let croissant be the judge!
 
Wonderful owner...bought a shirt and she gave us banana bread too! Nice selection for Nebraska fans!
Expensive for what it is. Still good once in a while, you can find better places to eat around.
Doesn't get better than this. Great drinks, food, and service. Thanks, Joseph!!!
Great off strip restaurant... Decent prices with good saki selection... Sushi was good
Soup is ultra salty .  Good portion of food thought ..ok   acceptable .    Casual lunch
Best place to have breakfast in Las Vegas. Fresh, tasty and super service. Look no further.
First time here and I am a fan. Good layout. Nice staff and speedy service.
Welcome to the Wal Mart of casinos. This casino aint done nothing for nobody nowhere.
Had the Wednesday combo special. Loved the bake beans. Great price.!  Oh n Free ice Cream .!!!
Love this place, my children and I come here often! Love the blue-goo ice cream cone!!
You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. That being said, butter chicken+naan=life.
I love the building, the pastor, the community. Truly a place of love, hope and healing.
Beer was great, bar in general was great actually but no food. Eat first before coming here.
Great bar this was my 3rd time going here will go back
The worst extensions I ever purchased!  Total waste of money
The tandoori chicken, yellow curry and naan is great! I'll be back!
Not a fan. Great coke and the portion size is great fit the money, but the food is bland.
My idea of a perfect yummy brunch! Everything was wonderful and I plan to go back soon to try more!!
I love this place! Big servings and great flavor. I love their spam musubi and combos!
Solid boba tea, not sure how the donuts are.  Customer service could definitely improve.
Great Burger at the game at Suncoast.  Go see Brian  Great happy hour.
Audrey is very professional and knowledgeable technician. Absolutely love my new brows!
Cool place. Get the salted caramel brownie! Best I've had.
Great organic free-trade coffee. Free wifi. Stress free decor. Family owned, super staff.
I love Amelie's. Always nice food and the chai latte is very tasty. We go to Park Rd one most often.
I've been going here since it opened. And recently I noticed the cashiers are so rude.
I honestly had to write this review so everyone can know the truth! This place is super bad !!!!
Love the new renovations! New management team at North York has improved everything!
Finally some great pho is Surprise!! Owner was very nice. Store was clean and the pho was great!!
Awesome and QUICK service plus prices are great.
Fun place on the strip.  Waitress was great, but wasn't happy when we asked to split the ticket.
Great service. Delicious bar style food. And the people watching does not disappoint.
Awesone park to walk your dogs. And also just to walk or workout love this place so beautiful.
Difficult to work with,  Will not honor there price quotes.
Really good chicken and humas.
The snail appetizer was succulent.  The view of the city, beautiful.
Recommended by a friend, didn't disappoint. Called ahead to make an appointment. I feel great!
Authentic Syrian home made meals with exceptional hospitality and service. Highly recommended ;)
Great customer service-especially dining room person-offered help, refills and removing trash.
Best haircut by Brilene. She cut my hair exactly how I wanted it. I will be back for sure !!!!
Very limited menu, indifferent wait staff there are so many better Italian restaurants...weird place
I don't live in AZ, but when I'm in town, I always come here. Best Acai bowls I've had anywhere
We enjoyed our lunch very much!  Good service and good food!  I'm looking forward to a return visit.
Perfect breakfast experience. fast, friendly service  The food was good too I loved the home fries.
The pho is pretty bland but the won ton soup and spring rolls are excellent.
Excellent service and product, even finished the job ahead of time. HIGHLY recommend.
Nice place for kids, good food an excellent dessert. Really friendly and good service.  I love it!!!
Amazing place. Extremely diverse menu. Great beer selection. Highly recommend the place.
So so so good. Best thing to stumble across at 2am. I was literally transported back to NY
Good experience. Definitely something you want to see once in your life-time. Well worth it.
This Walmart isn't my fave. The setup is weird and there's no deli counter in the grocery section.
Staff was friendly and there were a few locals make room for me at the bar at an ASU game.
Very decent italian restaurant for classic pasta dishes and mussels. Dessert is a bit too sweet.
I fell in love with this place. Food is amazing. Definitely fills the void after being to Jamaica.
Excellent value.  I come for the chicken and pork gyro all the time. Good price for portion.
Very professional and detailed work. Everybody has a friendly face. Definitely recommended :)
If you like mediocre, expensive nachos coupled with. Super slow service this is your place.
Best place to eat in Kent hands down. Excellent food, friendly service, and a lot of options!!
Such a long wait for bad service and an unnecessarily expensive meal. The waiters were eh
Bacon maple ice cream???? Burnt marshmallow??? Green apple gelato??   WHAT?!?!?!  LOVE this place!
Pretty good, but don't try kongpao chicken, it's nothing like the REAL Chinese kongpao chicken.
Pleasantly surprised. Good service.
Great food and fun outdoor dining area with view of the lake.
Faster and easier check-ins for your appointments.
Hamachi is KILLER!!! Everything here is top notch. Andre has the best suggestions. A must try spot!!
This is a great location. The staff is awesome and quick. Who doesn't love a good wing??
Excellent service Excellent food! The vogue mac n  cheese is awesome. So is the Blue Jean Burger. :)
This place has never let me down.  Fast service, great food and their dipping sauce is amazing.
Ok food. Expensive for what it is. So so service
Crab cake steals the show.  Greens & Beans super appetizer.  Nice wine and beer selection.
Great knowledgeable staff taste bud explosion must do when in Phoenix go on weeknight if possible!
New owner(s) ?   Service has really hit bottom.  No return emails, no return phone calls.
Great cigar shop...very helpful staff and great atmosphere.  Their hand rolled cigars are awesome!!
Amazing service. Amazing people. David is a g-damn rockstar. GO HERE OR REGRET YOUR LIFE.
Very expensive, rude service, and not careful about allergies with food. Beware.
Horrible service, food was cold and not  good at all . I will not return nor recommend it.
Great food festive enviorment and cheap prices
I had a great experience, and not having to drive all the way to the dealership was an added bonus;)
Kevin was able to fix my shattered screen while I waited. Amazing customer service!!!
To describe it simple the was good and the taco de asada BOMB would make the drive from Vegas again
Service was awesome and the food is always awesome! Been here thrice now and was never disappointed.
Much better than AhiPoki! Crab meat and seaweed are free! Will definitely come back again!
Delicious sandwiches. Shrimp po boy is my go-to option. Owner is a no-nonsense super friendly dude.
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite patios in Toronto.
Bar was fun but the food sucked!
Awesome work done!! highly recomend! a bit on the pricy side thou..
Another great day getting my nails done!
#5 pork sandwich, YUM! Bring cash and an appetite.
Decent, consistent Mexican food!
I been to many groomers and I finally find the best one.she does such a good job my dogs loves her:)
I've been getting my nails done here for over year. Great service! Never been disappointed!
Tout est bon, la poutine, les hot-dogs et les hamburgers.
Love this place and selection of vehicles they have! The staff is super nice and helpful
Superficial at its finest.
This place has so many exotic flavors. Really good ice cream and other things are available!
Great place for a date thanks to the showy drinks and dim lighting. Sit close and share.
Pretty good. Icecream is of course good but every now and then it's freezer burned. Yuck!
Spacious caf  that is quiet on the weekend. Swift service and reliable food.
Got measured and 2 shirts picked out in less than 5 minutes. That's my kinda shopping, nicely done.
Good food ordered the flame broiled cheese burger with fries and the guacamole BLT. Delicious!
Vraiment un tr s bon choix de restaurants tha  authentique. Bon service et bonne ambiance.
Awesomely incredible experience! Hands down one of the best Halloween attractions I've ever been to!
This place is awesome. Great service and super convenient. Also it tastes soooo good.
Great noodle place especially when hungry late at night.
My favorite Hawaiian food place in Vegas  Must try the mix plate it's a lot of food!!
As a Yonkers, NY native, I am happy to have found Bambinos.  Everything is amazing.
Looks like a long line but it goes fast.  Great place for breakfast with the family.
The best restaurant in Gilbert.  Period.  If you have kids there is no where else better.
reasonable price for a uniform store. think it is $15 for my girl school polo's
Unprofessional at best. Mangers was rude. This place is the king of unprofessionalism
No, no, no, no!!!
This place is great! Every instructor helps you learn the proper technique for kickboxing!
Certainly, one of the best Thai food I had. Prices are reasonable and service is great.
This place is so much fun when the piano guys know what they are doing :):) good job Matt and Chris!
i've used mark sherman for years, and he's great at saving taxes.
Best fish tacos in town. If margaritas are your thing- it's a one and done kinda thing. V good.
Amazing! professional and courteous.  Nobody enjoys going to the dentist but this was a pleasure.
Beautiful, epic, and so much land to explore!
one of Ahwatukee's best  Love this place - try the BLTa
Great place to party for any type of crowd! The venue is set up beautifully!!!!
love the goat cheese pizzas! Open super late, and sometimes a long line. Not so secret
Excellent service ,professional jobs,  Quick response fair price I definitely use them again
Great, fresh sushi. Nice staff, quick service.
Frequent for breakfast !! Always on point with great food and most importantly great service !!
Usually not a thin pizza fan but this might convert me. Awesome pie.
Seriously the shittiest service ive EVER had. Better off getting food from a dumpster.
Nicer than I expected. Great place for trivia. Very good fries.
They are CLOSED!!
Horrible service good took over 2 hours to get delivered.
Great place. Convenient, and takes appointments on short notice. Very happy with my cut.
Prompt service! Knowledgeable crew. Not pushy about extras like some. Highly recommend.
Best Mexican food in AZ. Good price and great taste.
Great staff, and the shogun roll was delicious. This place made a great impression on Vegas sushi!
I've been coming here since I was a little kid. Food, staff, and environment is amazing!
Excellent Authentic Indian food!!Very good service & nice ambiance..
Incredibly helpful, responsive & accommodating! Fair pricing. Would def use them again.
It tastes like a donair. And really, isn't that what everyone from Nova Scotia wanted to know?
Great place to go for a manicure. The staff there are friendly and polite. Must check it out!
Beer heaven! Amazing craft brews in a loud-but-cozy setting.
Great customer service from Rick at the bar this morning!  Thank you for the friendly service.
Lovely atmosphere and seating. Clean and bright. Delicious, fresh, whole foods and drinks.
Excellent in every respect.  Service, timeliness and follow up continue to exceed our expectations.
I am one of the regulars. Clean. Inexpensive. Will avoid peanuts if you are allergic.  Fast service.
Good food, attentive service, tasty drinks but you have to be ok with noise - it's loud!
Don't see Dr. Yoslady she is incompetent and rude.
As long as I can fit in to their clothes, I know I'll look good :-)
Good food and fast service! The best part is that they're open late!
Absolutely amazing food and staff. Been here twice now and will come back every visit to Vegas.
Excellent food and the service is awesome. A small Mom/Pop Linda place. My kind of place.
I had the jack Daniels chicken sandwich and it was so flavorful and juicy down right delicious!!
Chili Garlic Edamame was awesome. So was the sushi and rolls. Service was a C- at best.
Best place in town. I love the sampler platter and Sunday brunch is the best deal in town
Some of the best french bread outside France.
Really enjoyed the spicy shish taouk and the staff were friendly / nice.
Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional.  I have had better service at McDonald's.
This location does not support military veterans like other Whataburger restaurants do.
Horrible experience there.. Be careful they will literally chase you out the door if you are late
Get the fried twisted rolls!!   Food is good, large portions!  $4.99 lunch combos.
solid meal. pickles were a novel touch I wasn't used to. Steak was good but not great..
Poor service and generic nachos. The place is overpriced and the servers just talk to each other.
Overpriced, extremely small portions, and poor service.
Best Gyro in Phoenix! Period! I order the Gyro DLX. The feta is awesome. Recommend.
Cool little spot. Our server Brooke was awesome. We'll definitely be coming back for the calamari!
Victoria was wonderful. Felt very pampered. Great products and services.  Will definitely return.
Fresh, extremely good! Be prepared to wait (... did I mention fresh ?!?)  Daniel
This place is great! I suggest ordering the chicken lettuce wraps and the honey chicken...delish
Very busy (Pacquiao fight) Fun atmosphere, the staff  was friendly and . The cheese curd is so good.
Love the Hub. The food is always to die for. We have never received a bad dinner or lunch plate.
Great pork chop and eggs.  We never miss this spot when we come to Vegas.  Best breakfast in town!
Professional,  helpful and I appreciate  their business.  Would definitely  recommend
I can only speak for my experience.. everyone was super nice and my bobbie was perfect!!!!
Great food service!
Great pierogis!!
Nice place nice service and very professional   Welcome to very one in town  Luv royal foot spa
Get massage about every other month for years, Erin, LMT one of the best ever! Highly recommend.
ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS messing up orders NO MISS , another place that has shity service !
Short wait time, quick service. Broth really tasty. No hot water, even green Tea came in a can.
$24 to get a tired plugged?!  Seriously!?  Highway robbery at its finest.
I had the Ahi Ceviche today and it was wonderful and expertly made. Service was really good too!
Left my jacket at a table, walked personally back by Casey after closing. Outstanding.
Toujours aussi bon leurs sandwichs!!!
Shaunie was great! Def spin the wheel . I plan on coming back again before the end of my trip lol
Love it. Love it. Love it. My steak is dead on every single time. Staff are friendly.
Had two hoagies and garlic knots.  All was excellent.  Plan to try the pizza next time we order.
Garbage. -no water pressure -dirty sheets -dirty bathrooms -rude staff -all round bad experience
smoothie a day keeps the doctor away! get up and goji buy far the best.
Love this bank, the tellers and the loan officer. Convenient & quiet location, quick transactions.
Very nice Italian restaurant ..exceptional service , good music :) we 'll be back for sure
Ryan called AGAIN.  When I said I wasn't interested he hung up. I'm filing a complaint.
Delicious food, Baked Goods, and outdoor seating?  Yes Please.
Absolutely the best sushi I have ever had. Fast service, great ambience, can't go wrong.
Great location. Always fresh. Spicy chicken is the best. Love chick fil a.
Forget about the location is Scottsdale you want the location on Central and Yuma.
Very professional, informative,non-pressuring,and customer friendly. Rich D. was great!
Best Baja style Mexican food in AZ!!!  Try the fish tacos!  Try the quesadilla!  Try everything!!!
service was terrible, i waited way to long for a gross unblended smoothie. so dissatisfied l
Best ribs and waffles ANYWHERE. Fun to sit outside. Go here, you will like it for sure!
Best Buy's Terri in appliances is thorough. She did her best to wrong a right. Thanks, Terri!
Excellent live music venue in Tempe. Cheap drinks and great bands.
I love this place. I come here often after work and I am always pleased with the food
Went on the weekend. Ordered the Big Bang with fries. Got violently ill.... Never going there again
Great food, Tuesday gave us great service, recommend this place and will be coming back. Thank you.
Saw a different doctor today, really liked him! Did. Great job on my aches and pains
I went to get a laptop charger. I was in and out within a minute. Very happy about that. Thank you!
Great costumer service, food comes in a timely manner. Clean establishment. I would come again.
A local favorite.  Unpretentious, amazing food and friendly staff.  Definitely try the rack of lab!
BIG pulled pork sandwich, succulent, delicious, priced-right.
I'm a health nut but I will indulge on some POAF!
Favorite place in the district!!!  Christine waited on us today! We will be going back very soon!
Great staff always friendly and offer a great tasting and speedy service
Pumpkin spice mocha milkshake is awesome (as is everything here).
Arrive, great presentation today.  You are a security expert and I will use your services.
Excellent!  Every dish is like a work of Art. Wonderful atmosphere, excellent food and service!
Blue is a great place to grab drinks, listen to good music, and all the staff is great!!
First visit here was great, the customer service was fucking fantastic m! Go see Lola!
If you love cheese this is the place. Super friendly service and you can try before you buy!
The sushi is fresh and its very good.   Recommend the Island Special Roll.
Very good service and an enjoyable meal.  I'll gladly go back.
Good price for oil change, rotation and alignment check!!
Very knowledgeable and helpful staff. Very reasonable prices piercing service & jewelry.
Food was fantastic. Service was great. You're paying the big bucks but you know why.
Big portions of that island flavor.  BUGGAH IS WINNAHZ.  Deserts are home made and broke da mout.
Great service! Customer service was top notch and I look forward to using them again.
Great variety of food. Excellent service, the staff very friendly.  Quiet and relaxing atmosphere!
Excellent place to eat, almost as good as Joe's Barbeque
Man they did a bad job cleaning my interior. I think I will do it myself next time.
Great place to donate plasma and get paid for it! Not bad at all and get to watch the game.
For some reason a phone call takes priority over someone who drives to the store in person.
Fantastic bar. Great beer selection. Best wings in town hands down. Service is friendly and quick.
Highly recommend, great food and atmosphere! Visit Ben at the bar-makes awesome drinks!
Great place, very nice receptionist. Super pleased with my massage . Very relaxing atmosphere
Fourth year renting Jet Skiis from ABC Bicycle and Jet Skiis. Looking forward to another great time.
Jillian is the BEST! Food was good MARTINI's were better. Love this place! Service is amazing!!!!!
Great food, great location! I've tried almost everything on the menu, and it is all amazing.
Academy Mortgage was awesome. I couldn't of asked for a better experience.
Decor sympatique, plats de qualit  mais les portions sont vraiment trop petites. Service passable.
Kid friendly.  Clean and quick. Super nice.  Did a great job on my gel nails that lasted two weeks.
Awesome food. Owner of this place cooked awesome daal himself as it was late and kitchen was closed.
I used to love this place! It's awful!  Never again!
Great place to take the kids for the day. ESP. Love the zoo lights!
Best cafe in Charlotte ...Great food..gorgeous ambience...and the French sodas...
Hotdogs are never hot no bite to them overpriced...this is all i really wanted to say...
Excellent!!! That's all you need to know. Try it.
Service is awesome, and the food is great.  Nice "Mexican" feel, and homey atmosphere.
Vegas is pretty rugged. Bring your bedazzler and a bunch of cash, oh yeah and some earplugs.
Not very familiar with Thai food. Tried the Pad See Iwe with chicken and #4 spicy. AWESOME!
They don't have a gunsmith right now, so receive the lowest ranking.  Will update.
Longer wait then going to ER. One doctor for 5 plus patients. Drive somewhere else! Trust me!
Super yummy!!! Never had waffles like these before. Also very clean and nice atmosphere.
Thank you for exceeding my expectations resetting my diamonds!!!!!  Love my new ring!!!!!!!
Great selection of pasta, and they are very tasty! It's a perfect spot for family & takeouts.
My optometrist is great, but man, the staff's customer service is pathetic.
Great coffee, sandwiches, and pastries. Chocolate almond croissant would be my go to pastry.
So the gift shop is always amazing i love it. The food is okay. Nothing great. But service is good.
Some of the best BBQ around, be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!
Love it! shhhh great food, great prices, home baked pita gotta get the desert-
That popcorn shop is why I stop by the Miracle Mile on the strip. Just popcorn lovers heaven!
Quick spot to get lunch during the Conf Cobb salad with Margarita
Had LaRon help me with my tires.  What a great guy!  Great Service
I know it's a chain! But you can never go wrong! Always great food, and the servers are spot on!
Amazing staff! Incredibly friendly and helpful.
Stopped in today for cigars.  Great help and a nice selection.  The expansion is very nice.
Second visit, love this place. Food is very good, great atmosphere and excellent service.
Very nice service . The bold guy with tattoos gave exceptional services and the music was amazing.
Great food. I just had a carne asada torta and it was the shiznit!! I love their horchata too!  =]
It's a quiet little getaway, I wish I lived closer to here.
Awesome staff, super clean facility.
An Oakland staple. Best tikka massala in the city.
This Walgreens near the Venetian hotel has everything I needed at a ok prices.
Tr s bonne nourriture avec des produits de qualit . Le service est vraiment tr s bon!
Nice place and nice service just the price is little high er than normal
great pedicure, didn't feel rushed picking my color or letting my nails dry.
OMG the best food i've ever had in my life. I am a gluten for this place. Def going again.
Fast, clean, cheap and chicken taco Wednesdays! I love this place.
My fav thai restaurant!  Tasty food  Nice service Cosy atmosphere   Great for a dinner date.
Renan was an excellent server, everything was amazing totally recommend for an amazing dinner!
Another great experience! Helpful and knowledgeable staff, great prices and no haste returns!
Great coffee, great prices and genuine people!  I am glad it is so close to my house.
Great Italian food in Brampton!  Pizza and pasta is excellent   Very friendly staff/environment
Every Mouth Full was Fantastic! Great place for Lamb ! I Highly recommend this restaurant !
Great Italian food. Nice cozy dinner calimari was on point..Adela was a great server!
Creative food pairings,  Based on one visit.  Will go back another day.
Quite possibly the greasiest sate beef sub I've ever eaten.
Best gay place to dance on saturday nights! $7 cover totally worth it and drinks at a good price!
love the cocktails and experienced bar staff
Excellent food, waiter was so nice and attentive, great relaxing atmosphere!!
This is a great place right inside the Hard Rock Hotel. The food is good and affordable.
Blaze pizza was alot better more choices lot better pizza not bad but ingredients were so so
Service is really thorough but when they failed to show up for scheduled appt I was not notified
Amazing my size pizza!!! I recommend this place to anyone who wants to make their own pizza.
I didn't done in but the food is delicious. The price is regular. Overall good. Would eat again.
Great service!  The Saki sangria was a bit "flowery" tasting.  Lotus roll was exceptional!
curry is pretty smooth, nothing spectacular, service is on par...
Dance floor is so small. On sunday got in free and open bar, guys paid 30 bucks.
Good Pho and spring rolls at a great price AND ITS BYOB, WORD!
Definitely would recommend this location. Great service every time I've gone in. The food is great.
The Tri-Tip was the best I've ever had, but the tuna was not good.  Good, fast service.
LOVEd this place it was really good food and the service was excellent.  really felt it relaxing
The Draw 10 is now open again. The remodel is beautiful. We are excited to have our bar open again!
Shepards pie could use more sauce, kinda dry, great decor, pricey..
The wife loves this place. Service was excellent. Drinks were great. Very classy joint.
Great View Quiet , relaxing atmosphere. Good place to come with friends for a drink an a chat.
Pretty cool concept, but these folks are rude and didn't even want to acknowledge me and my friend.
Love the studio and staff. Angela is wonderful and always does a great job. I would highly recommend
Great food great service!  Waiter Anthony is a cutie and keeper
The salad was fresh, healthy and the portion was big enough for 2 people. Strongly recommend it
I have been going to see dr. mcarthy for awhile now and i always leave feeling better. thx!
Wonderful place for kids and adults. Love the food, love the experience.
Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!"
The green curry was the best I've ever had, even gives the option for how spicy the curry can be
 . . . . . . 
Very nice restaurant, well priced for the portions you get with friendly service.
Best fish. Friendly service. I have been going since I was a small child.
Very good food. One of the best I've had in Toronto in this category. Very filling. Enjoy !
One of the best pizzerias in Cleveland! Go for it! Will never be disappointed!
Friendly staff, great rates for sports physical, clean and quick! Can't ask for much more than that!
Video games plus stone bombers. Hell yes.
Definitely think this is the best chinese in madison...
Great food, low cost, friendly staff-the strawberry banana pancakes rock!! Kid friendly!!
Fam and I come here all the time. The quail is delicious.
I'm pretty much doing Happy Dance (in my head) the Service, Food and Comfy Seating is Excellent!!
Really hard working crew! Great food that hits the spot!
Food is edible. Restroom is really dirty. Didn't surprise me though. Dishware  are dirty also.
Great bar, perfect place to shoot pool and enjoy a night with friends. Friendly service.
Excellent place... Excellent food... manager corrected a billing issue with my card quick and swift
Wonderful and caring staff!  My cats are always in good hands at Rainbow! Thank you!!
The pastry and coffee are excellent here. And I like the environment and the staff.
Jun is very professional and gave me a great haircut. I'll definitely come back next time l.
Wide variety of food items.  $7 with players card.  Lots of fruit, meats, breads, sweets, etc.
Love Cho Wan Garden. We have never had bad service here.
Just up the street form our house so it's a easy go to when we don't want to cook at home.
One of the best smoke shops/rave store in Vegas always updated with the best products
This is one of Pittsburgh's food destinations. And it's really poor.
Steak torta sandwich was excellent.  Great service.  Best Mexican food in Scottsdale.
UMIYA ROCKS!!!!!! I'm a Sushi Connoisseur & this is Absolutely Heaven on Earth...Perfection!!!
Hey this Winco is clean and tight. Waay better than trashy walmart. They got everything you need.
Small bathrooms  Small TVs  No food happy hour?!!
Excellent food and service! Yum! Great to see non-bar/fried food in Medina. We will be back!
The Surf and Turf roll is a real treat!
Kind of in a nasty strip mall. Made my purchase and was outta there.
First time to try this restaurant.  Great food and service.  Will definitely be returning.
Good for later dining casual. Been here often over at least a decade. Always a great choice
Very good!!! I like the sweet greens and Dos Leches!!
This is my favorite starbucks. They make my drinks correctly and the staff is so amazing!
If you want the best nacho cheese you've ever had, come here. Any nachos are a great choice!
The friendliest staff and nicest crew of any Starbucks I've ever visited -- even at 5am. Well done.
Cute brunch place! I ordered the huevos rancheritos and it was amazing. Guac was fresh as well.
The magic shroom burger with some ros  was the perfect combination! Great burger joint.
All food fresh, but its a bit too expensive to not have any flavor. I'll stick to Chipotle
Yes it's expensive but has great music, beautiful women and delicious food.
Delicious! Had pastrami boyger and it hit all my taste buds! Nice clean restaurant highly recommend
Loved this place. Excellent service, delicious meal. A good spot for visitors or locals.
Love the food and the service! Yelp has found an amazing place! Yum!
Amazing homemade food, good service, great breakfast spot in the Strip District!
If you want authentic, delicious Mexican food this is it! The staff is very friendly too
One of my Favorite places to go in LV.   There at least 3 nights on a trip.  Great mojitos.
We absolutely love this place every time we visit we come here!!! The black mussels are fantastic!!!
Great variety of cupcakes. I had strawberry, coconut, lemon blueberry, and red velvet.
Food was great and fast.. Service was nice.. Good choice for CIAA WEEKEND.. I would go back..
Management needs to enforce more smiles and hospitality. Employees are so mean and don't help at all
This is great stop for dessert. They create right in front of you and the flavors are amazing.
$10 for a sad tiny bowl with extremely dry grilled chicken. Way overpriced and so not worth it. ):
I am LV128 from the University and all i can say is this has changed my life.
Fantastic experience!!! Neyla did a great job on my nails. Not rushed! Very relaxing! Will be back!!
The mojito was good but it took a long time to get service.
I would recommend Thai Fantasy on Yonge Street if you guys really wanna get some Thai food
Really love this place! The food is so great! If you like Pho, I totally recommend this ace.
They have the least expensive fuel in town. You just have to be prepared to wait in line.
I love this place there chicken strips are the best  Also the buffalo wrap ...friendly staff
quick, filling and tasty. If you are around Kensington market, you should try this place.
The build your own bowl is everything. The Cauliflower and the lemon sauce really hit the spot!
They do a great job on carpets. I love that I can text the manager to set up appointments.
Great food, amazing atmosphere and excellent staff/service. You really do need to eat here.
Absolutely delicious! The ice cream is so smooth and creamy. Love love love the silk chocolate.
Went there for dinner with business colleagues from out of town. It was hit and miss.
Cedar planked salmon. Excellent! Haven't been here in years. Glad to be back. Does not disappoint.
The best vet in town by far. Caring and loving doctors and staff. The only vet I will only use.
Love! If you love pizza you will love blaze. They make everything just how you like it.
Got The oysters and they were so bad ! :( Otherwise nice place  Stakes are pretty good
Love this place! Great vegan food, even for people that aren't vegan!
Lots of options. Food was good. Nice to have a quality burger joint in the neighbourhood.
Absolutely rude staff.  Waitress was aggressive and rude. Food was horrible.  I will never go back.
To keep MY head looking so dapper.... is not an easy thing.   Thanks Tad!
Great selection, great staff. Alex Cheske is a great employee.
Best Spanish rice on the east coast!
Come with an empty stomach for the endless meat parade and amazing salad bar.  It's delicious!
This is what I call an iced Carmel Macchiato. Good  service, quiet spot, and delicious!
Good food, pretty average. Didn't knock my socks off. Only thing is that it's very convenient
Obsessed with their pizza! So good. Oh, and their cheese bread. Yum. Staff is nice too!
I love this place. It's my favorite chinese restaurant . Jackie is the best
a must go to if you're on the strip.  the cosmo is one of my favorite hotels too!  worth a try...
Fresh, tasty, healthy food.  I loved their garden breakfast with egg white.  Great fresh food!
Very nice staff always clean when I go in here. Really good froyo and good flavor selection
The baby back ribs were superior , great food and atmosphere!
Great sandwiches that will fill you up so you can walk the strip for a few hours.
Awesome deserts! Pok  bowls galore!! What else can I say? A must visit for any occasion
Deadly slow and poor service. Food is mediocre.
Excellent place love their food , Great service , food is made fresh daily, price is average
Absolutely delicious food at wonderful prices with friendly and fantastic service. Highly recommend!
Easy to work with, great limo and loved Steven, the driver.  Thank you, Platinum!
I love the food! The fresh squeezed juices are a unique touch and the menu is delicious.
Worst service I've ever had in my life! Horrible and unprofessional. Don't bother here!!
Awful experience. Rude owner. Oily dumplings. Dirty, uncomfortable, very crowded space.
Great Naans! Biryani and chicken tikka also great. Took it to go.....was pleased :-)
A messy sandwich but tasty!  They have gluten free bread which is nice and a large vegan selection.
Awesome experience and friendly staff! Take your car if you're looking for honest work and bid.
It's little expensive but donuts look good
One year later and our screens still look brand new, no fading like the "others" you see.
Great place to take the kids!  Just make a reservation so you aren't waiting too long!
Fast, professional, and incredibly patient with some of the high maintenance clientele.
Amazing customer service!! Got my blues skirt altered and it only took me 15 minutes!!!
J'aime bien leur hot dog et la Poutine et ses pas trop cher et ses proche de chez moi en plus
Had the maple bacon and cookie dough donuts...best I've ever had. Goes great with their coffee.
Absolutely stellar food and hospitality by the people who work there. Great for big groups.
Ordered Bruschetta and it was completely burnt.  Had to pay a premium for New Years too.
I love Z and I'll buy her shots any time she wants, which is all day long.
Excellent service, very clean, friendly staff, I love my nails!! Lilly was so lovely!
Very nice place. Been there several times and never disappoints. Quiet with a nice view.
This is the best company of all theaters. Started by Red Harkins. What gets better than this?
One of the best Chinese eateries in champaign. The food tastes awesome and the price is reasonable.
People are nice! The gelato is amazing super yum-yum!
Very friendly, warm and cozy... Fabulous food.
A very personable and relatable staff .  I felt welcomed. Everyone is professional and courteous.
Love this place the beer selection is awesome, the vibe is great, and cornhole doesn't hurt either!
I eat here at aminimum once per week. The food is good and healthy.  I will continue to eat here
It was awesome until I got charged for a corona  I didn't drink. Until that I was in love.
Great place and great food . Me and my wife love the food. And the waitress Pin was very nice.
Very poor experience.  Food very bland and service was extremely slow.  Won't be back.
I've spent time in Peru.  This is seriously the real deal. try the Lomo Saltado.
Pesto Pizza with Fresh Mozzarella....DROOOOL....nuff said!
I have been going to L'v nails for a few years now. They used to do a gr job but the man is rude.
This is the strangest airport to me... Half the people are excited the other half looks beaten
Fresh and good.  Jerk Chicken did have a lot of bones. Get the large.
This is the best new mexican food that I have ever eaten. The hatch chillis are to die for.
High prices, poor selection and uninviting in general.
Crap  rubber pasta dishes  opt for lean cuisine instead
Been there a lot of times. love their Khmer Beef. But i do think the quality is dropping....
Great food but horrible waitress. Very slow service. Waited 15 minutes just for water!
Always good service and good food at fair prices.  Miss the location being in Mentor.
Saw Andrea for my hair today. She's so fun and upbeat!   She was great with my hair request.
I LOVE Roland's !!! Always amazing seafood and kickass servers - not sure why the hate on yelp ???,
Panda Express is always a great place to eat. My girls love everything they get there!
Great little Mexican place. Nothing super fancy but for the money you can't go wrong.
Just. Gross. & don't even try going here if you're vegetarian. Just go to joyride up the street.
Without a doubt one of the best pizza places I've been too on the east side of Phoenix
Delicious food .. awesome customer service .. I am a regular now ..
not vegetarian friendly.  took over an hour to get in the buffet.   they do not like feedback.
Went in for an oil change & lube & received great service! Thanks Brian Bennett
Our favorite pizza in Arizona  great place for big groups too We are from N.Y. We travel to get here
delicious millie crepes! good price and portion! absolutely recommended!
High octane coffee. They don't have a dark roast which is a Bummer but staff is friendly.
Lorises did an amazing job Great service,  Food, and friendliness A lot of fun for our team  RR
Love this place great customer service and great quality haircut! Ask for Jose highly recommended.
Always a great haircut from Mike.   Sunday hours make it all-the-more convenient
Good place for when the bbq craving hits.
Comfort food with finesse. Nice change up for us locals tired of fighting strip traffic.
Decent corned beef sandwich here and friendly waitstaff. Fries were actually great too!
love the food!! the lemon chicken soup is to die for!!!!!!
Outstanding! Friendly people, good food, very reasonable prices. Will not hesitate to return!
So far my favorite sushi place in Vegas . Their menu is very diverse. Excellent miso soup.
love it love it and love it. Friendly staff, Alec was our guy. Ask for him you wont be disappointed
Love this location. They offer so many cool services. The staff is super attentive, nice and quick.
They do all my oil changes. Great service for oil changes and rotating tired plus free car washes.
I totally loved this coffee shops. Great service and the coffee taste very very good.
I been purchasing hair from Sunnys for years now and love the quality!!
United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
All of the servers have way cooler tattoos than I do. Additonally the food is exceptional.
President fried rice and the pad Thai are delicious!!!!!!!
Love it!! Huge portions at great prices. Very clean place and friendly staff.
First timer and food was amazing! Not to mention they serve their mimosas in pint glasses!
Food is always good, but there were a ton of flies, which made the dining experience poor.
the coffee is great. I am looking forward to more bakeries!
Great shrimp tacos, the salsa was fresh and refreshing!
Best breakfast bagel sandwich I ever had!
Service and food was awesome!  I've tried Korean BBQ's in Vegas and this one tops the list!
Dirty store with questionable clientele. But there are still some rare find when treasure hunting.
Great service and reasonable rates. I like how Super Shuttle texts me with the status of my pick up.
Late night snack, steak egg and cheese please...
This place is a blast!  The hour just flew by and the challenge was tough!! What fun!
Kobe beef rib eye = to die for
you need to clean your ice machine. every drink with ice had dirt in it. SO GROSS
Customer service was horrible. Receptionist was very useless. Dont recommend this place.
Franco the owner was rude and condescending, will never be returning to this restaurant again.
This gym has nice new equipment.  Lots of features that's any gym go-er looks for.
Good food, great service. There's quality food for low prices. I definitely recommend you try it!
great meats, excellent salad bar, cooperative wait staff, nuff said, would love to back again.
Service adequate. Consumer beware service writers receive commission on repairs generated.
Super clean, super friendly, awsome italian beef, boyfriend said chicago dog was awsome.
Honest owner with a couple decades experience.  Wide range of fixes and best prices in town.
The selection of handbags is not the greatest nor do they have much brand names. Gue l stima...
great placw for a take out or a quick eat. I had a veal sandiwich and it was really good
Muy rica la comida Si desean comida casera se lo recomiendo.. el menudo muy rico... Mi favorito
Decent pizza if you like thin crust. Sometimes great sometimes iffy customer service.
Not bad, but from 8pm on they are in closing mode, so you get to dine with the shop vac!
Love being an Emerald Club Member, best experience ever! Keep up the good work!
Phenomenal cake and great taste! Very very moist! I will definitely be coming back again!
First time trying pho and it is delicious. Good food, great service and very clean restaurants.
Best spring rolls I ever had, pizza is very generous with toppings , prices very cheap .
I didn't know what to expect. This was hilarious. I was crying I was laughing so hard. Go see it.
Great coffee, great ambiance, great service. Best coffee place on Van Horne.
I heard this is the best Chinese restaurant in Madison?! The food tasted like shit...
It was OK. Very loud and the food was decent but not worth the hype.
yummy.. clean, and everybody is helpful.. good tasting food. We'll be back here for sure :)
Very good food, large portions and excellent service. Every time I am in Vegas this place is a must!
Shit food. Do not get Mamas Lasagna absolutely terrible. I would rather eat dog food than this shit.
This place is a concrete monstrosity. They should tear it down post haste.
OMG!   Yummy food, especially the shrimp and pork sausage!!!  Amazing service, very attentive!
Fantastic food and service. Great atmosphere.
Just great food and service. Nice to have a consistent place to depend on!
Excellent edibles! Everything I have had there is wonderful! Customer service is great!
You gotta be kidding me!! Its a big rip off, 99% rice and veggies, 1% meat, never again!!
Very good food!!! The fish and vegetables was most excellent and there was a lot to eat!!!
Excellent!  Great value for the money. Loved the scallop fried rice. Definitely coming back!
This store is okay but don't bother trying to call they rarely answer the damn phones here!
Great Pho. Nice people. Wish their Bahn Mi was better, had it twice hoping it was me, but it's not.
I love Cowfish! Just a heads up though, there is often a long wait for dinner on the weekends.
Great easy rental process! Thank you Jenny for your help and awesome customer service!
The cheeseburgers here are really good and the nachos are great with large portions to share.
Fun place with a good atmosphere. I liked the chips and salsa and the service was great!
Wow!    Found my new hair salon.   Linda gave a new sassy look.   Highlights and cut.  Love it!!!!!
Been going there over 20 yrs.  The Brazelburger is phenomenal.
Great place. Everything we ordered was great. We just chose the place at random. Good service.
Have rented from Them on several occasions and they are great! Recommend them for sure...
I frequent monday's. drinks are cheap, staff is friendly, and music's on point.
Super nice people here. Always fully stocked. Marjorie is also very helpful.
Candice was a funny and attentive server, made us very comfortable and got the good out quick!
Great service. They close at 9 pm, but squeezed in my pho and com thit meal at 8:45pm for take out.
Without a doubt the best breakfast place around!   We love their selection and amazing service!
I absolutely love this place. Best Pho and egg rolls around. Servers are nice, quick, and attentive.
Mini portion Togo. Best lasagna ever! I love eating left overs from here. Happy birthday mom.
worst experience ever! discrimination at it's best.  i wouldn't recommend this club at all!
Lets just say that this place has the best Mexican in Madison.
Great quality, delicious food. We are so happy to have a great Chinese restaurant close to home.
Great Indian food in Phoenix - awesome service - nice ambience and good for a dinner with friends
Best little gem for healthy and authentic middle eastern food! Fast, friendly service and clean too!
I love this candy store! If you love candy and a large variety, this is heaven!
Great burgers and chicken sandwiches. Shake option are unique and tasty. Reasonable pricing.
Over-priced, pretentious and unfriendly service and crowd. Won't be heading back here again.
BRAVO.....Finally authentic excellent Greek Eats in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!
amazing food! you have the brunch menu even for lunch and afternoon tea!
Great food. On the pricy side but phenomenal dan dan mien noodles. I want some shipped to me!!!
Bad food and service. Overpriced cafeteria at best. Just, No.
Food was good but again had to wait for our order for like 40 minutes at a fast food joint wtf
Scenic way to get to the great restaurants on Mt Washington.
Wonderful latte with almond milk ! The no pain croissant was not only warm but delicious, as well.
Nice people, good service and they were able to do a good job with my custom design for my nails.
There's a guy in the bathroom that sells $2 bills. That was cool.  The biscuit is good too.
Not sure if we just happened to get a fresh batch, but these donuts were melt in your mouth amazing!
Great location, quick,clean, helpful and friendly. Defiantly where I would go! Robert is the best!
Ohhhh, warm pancakes,  bacon  and eggs!!! A good cup of coffee and all set for the day to proceed!!!
Go see Phillip! Sweet, caring and very helpful! I will stop by every time I'm in the area.
They have the best Falafal in the whole GTA and I mean it. Full of flavors and aroma.
Great people. Very kind, efficient and skilled. I will definitely go here again if need be.
Great draft selection, beer specials, and bar food. Ideal place to watch football on sunday
Can't vouch for the tea or food, but their iced coffee is really good. Friendly staff too.
Calamari with homemade marinara sauce  Freshly baked garlic bread  Shrimp Scampi  Tiramisu
the place is clean and nice. we liked our shawarmas - all ingredients seem to be fresh and tasty.
I love the healthy breads here.  The employees are nice.  Their website has a lot of good details.
awesome sushi.  I thought all you can eat sushi would be a total rip.... nope.  It's really good.
Best place for sushi in Madison. Highly recommend the Super Volcano for anyone who loves sushi!
Okay I'm going to rate it good just so I can ask a question lol. Do they sell UV contact lenses?
We waited 1:15 for our order. The service was incredibly slow and the food was mediocre.
I love this food truck! The owners are super friendly and the hot dogs are always awesome.
The atmosphere was nice but it was the worst risotto I've ever had. It was very wet and soupy.
Does being in the ghetto make you extra divey?
Really good for the money paid.
This is our favorite place love it the waitress are friendly. We are here almost every week.
If I could rate this lower then a 1 I could. They're dumb asses can't get an order right.
Very clean! Great food! at great prices when watching the ads. Freindly customer service
Everytime I come here we have wonderful service and delicious food! I love the steak and shrimp!!!!
Always great and friendly service! Amazing atmosphere despite it being on the busy stripe.
So much to chose from; great breakfast place. Generous portions.
Amazing yogurt and toppings bar! Such a wide variety of flavors and not too expensive
Great Little Store!! This place has some great sandwiches. 5-Star all the way  Thank you
Always friendly service.  Even if you don't go for the beer, the food is always superb!!
We loved pronto in vegas. Small and quick run thru and they give u free cookiesnif u check in
Yes, THAT Mel's Diner!  Cool place and good food.
This is a nice safe circle K  not like a lot of the other ones around the valley
Juju K: Maybe you're confused because prime rib is not a steak at all, but a slice of roasted beef.
Banana Rolls are my favorite! Service is good! Four stars coz they messed up with our orders!
Good atmosphere, good show. Didn't go to the restaurant but attended a show upstairs.
Great burgers  service was ok. Would go back and bring friends/business associates.
Fast service and the unsweetened iced tea is fabulous!
Fantastic tacos! Come everyone!!! Great food and service and tacos and pop and atmosphere!!!!!!!!
Great place' great srvice, fast and proffesional!!! By the way, much cheaper than Hotels!
Lattes were good. Hubby loved his sliders, I enjoyed my Eggs Benedict.
Yummy sushi/sashimi and great appetizers. Very speedy service. Nice staff. Good lunch spot.
If you want a great workout & max results, ask for personal trainer Travis Carlton! A+
The Brisket sandwich was really good. Located at Container Park, a casual setting, a nice find.
Great ambiance, delicious food! Service is awesome thanks to Casey. Galbi, pork belly must have
I make better nachos drunk in my bathtub. Cool music videos, though. Decent location.
Very good food, service, atmosphere/ambiance, set in the beautiful old port neighborhood.
It is suppose to be a premier place, but if there is not a large act, I am not impressed.
Such a cool atmosphere and great food late at night!  This place is a must when in downtown!
A small family place with great food. They have huge portions. Highly recomended.
Just came into a breakfast buffet. Good jog guys and gals. Good and not pricey
Turkey Bacon Club on a fresh-baked sour dough = perfection. Also location has Cinnabon and FREE wifi
I love this place, people are friendly and the service is grate. The owner is very nice and friendly
Great bar! Very friendly staff! Joe is an amazing bartender! Highly recommend this place!
Excellent Location. Clean restaurant. Impressive salsa and drink selection what is not to like here
love love this place, great and fresh sushi, great Service. Never disappointed at thud restaurant!!!
Lots of very good dishes, but they have some of the world's best pancakes!!!
Awesome burgers and shakes! The lobster roll not soo much though
I had the orange chicken. It was very flavorful but should be a little spicier. Very tangy!
One of the best meals in Las Vegas. Service was great and the rigatoni and spaghettini AMAZING!!!
Some of the best food around town, and its a 100% local somewhat hidden spot, love it.
Been coming here for years.  Always a classic, good American menu and all their dishes are good.
Decent food and a fun atmosphere.  Good for casual lunch.
An amazing experience. Very friendly. Best acrylic fill I have ever had! Really recommend it!
great prices, some of my favorite beans in town and i'm a bean snob!!
Love Giada's restaurant at Cromwell and Pronto at Caesars! Her food & presentation are amazing!
Solid 3  Basic ass pho up the street from the best pho you can get in Toronto at Tien Tanh
Definitely best in town! I got the hairstyle exactly what I want. And the fee is fair.
Pretty standard Walgreens! Most of the people who work there are nice. Never had any issues.
Love this place. Good food, good entertainment. We come here every time we're in town.
Awesome pizza. I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's the best in Phoenix!
It's terrible. All four of us had stomach after visiting this store. Not recommended.
Great Place.  I eat there every chance I get since I found it.  We have needed a Deli like this!!!
Friendly service, tasty baked goods, real fresh-squeezed OJ. My go to spot for breakfast.
My daughter and I notice the reviews for this donut shop and it didn't let us down. Awesome Donuts
Fucking racist place. A girl asked me for a smoke and I get kicked out for absolutely no reason.
Really good fry bread.  The roast beef topped tostada of light fry bread was really good.
BEST staff and drinks EVER!  My kiddos LOVE the kids smoothie, especially the apple flavored. Yummo!
I used to like eating  here, service was ok but food was great!. Now service is bad and food sucks!
My favorite thai place.... come in and visit they have reall great food and customer service
Perfect place to get a supplemental meal and drink to beat the sun.
Soo convenient! Go-to for sandwiches and snacks when I want something quick. Awesome staff!
This location is always clean, service is fast and friendly.
Yum. Fast and healthy and great family working. Rice bowls and rolls are excellent.
Excellent food! The hummus and fattoush salad are my absolute favorites.
I sent the email requested over a week ago and no reply. Reader: draw your own conclusions.
So far a good experience. Highly excellerated learning environment.
Fucking boo you guys suck. Refund a sisters deposit. She was SHOT. FUCKS WRONG WITH YOU
The steaks are good.  Very good wine list.  The restaurant is vey clean and staff effecient and kind
This place is the TITS! All day happy hour during the summer and some bad ass drinks!
Good casino, good food options, fun bars, just go.
My favorite pizza joint in the PHX metro area!
Dirty, noisy, too bright, like McDonalds only worse.  Not a date place for sure.
Nice place friendly people good location if you wanted you could even take the light rail here
Not impressed. Staff was rude and girls were boring
Mimosas were GREAT! Crabs Egg Benedict were awesome.  Excellent service
First timer.. good food and service and a real cool spot. Interesting concept, well done
Cute little food truck with a cute little eating patio. Best sonoran hot dog EVER!!!
Outstanding service. Wonderful colors. Lynn is amazing. I will not be going anywhere else!
Best capoeira teacher in town!  Palha ada is so good with children. Very generous teacher.
Pharmacists are always helpful, professional & knowledgeable. Very caring to my mom. Thank you.
Friendly staff.. great selection of albums.. drop by for a coffee.. you won't be disappointed!
Definitely not the fastest or best service I've gotten at a USPS location, but it is convenient.
Food was okay. Ordered togo so it's not so ideal. Sauce for pork patty spring roll need work
Tres cozy and belle place, prix elev  mais normal dans le quartier touristique. Bon service.
Excellent waxing service! And beautiful salon! Wish I lived here and I would come back often!
Nice non-buffet breakfast. Feels like a fancy cheese cake factory. Generous servings.
Very fresh, great menu selection and variety. A little pricey but worth it. Good customer service.
Their chocolate macaron vanilla ice cream sandwich is to die for *_*
First stop after we landed at airport. Delicious sandwiches. Very nice staff. Enjoyed the setting.
They portion size was very little the food wasnt that good and the lady was kind of rude.
Good place nice vibes food is great . DJ was our service that provided excellent service
This place is awesome the staff is super sweet and the wax they use is the best
Same review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
Really good!  Came from LA for the weekend and loved the food here... Recommend the burger
I do not recommend Dr. Sunar. Look up his credentials.
The food is nasty. Stay away. Over priced and the food is simply nasty.
Great food. Awesome happy hour. A little loud... But love it!
Nice local salon great service!
Your typical local McDonald's with a play place. Great morning staff. Everyone is nice.
Great sides buffet "ALL YOU CAN EAT"!! My fav top sirloin! Staff was wonderful! Food was great!
Great food, price & service! Thanks Eugene & the rest of the crew for taking care of us.
This place is awesome!  Try the meatball appetizer but save room for the best wood-oven pizza in AZ!
Waiters were snoby, prices were steep, servings were tiny and the food was inedible.
Thanks for sharing your comments everyone... really wanted to try this restaurant! But moving on.
Best pizza in Avon/Avon Lake hands down. Very kind staff as well.
Worst ted baker shopping experience ever, there's a sales guy with weird hair, he is super rude!
Great time.  Very Friendly  Food cooked to order. Amazing Fish Tacos
Trisha is amazing. Super fast, really nice, very talented and really creative. Love this place.
Pet friendly patio! Food and service was good! Does not accept plastic cash and check only!
Omg the food was amazing so fresh and clean . Words can't describe the food so yummy .
The lady that did my pedicure was miserable, pedicure lasted 20 minutes, won't be returning!
Highly recommend! Jennifer Bailey and Rhonda took excellent care of me.
My favorite pizza place...never had a bad meal here. The salads are fabulous as well.
Love the conveyor belt style  You get to try a little of everything  Lava roll, wild tiger, yummm
Never got in the building as the parking attendent gave us a hard time
Reliable, honest. Great job - dryer works great. Will use him again. Highly recommend.
My wife went here for haircut and she liked it. It is nice and cozy place.
Yelp says they open at noon but they don't open until 3pm.  Went for lunch and they were closed.
House-made Almond milk. Fantastic. One of the best and most unique almond milk lattes I've had.
Tina and Dina are the best! Thank you for being the awesome women that you are. Outstanding service.
Chelsea was awsom and food was outstanding. Only issue was she routes for the wrong soccer team
Such a fun evening and a nice treat.  I love the comfy seats and attentive service.
Awesome curry and chili mint noodles. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat around town.
Over priced airport food. I had the sicilian pizza, it was a safe bet. Not so bad.
Oh my gawd! The Crab Benedict is tooooo die for!!  The food is fresh. Hot. Fast. Yummy!!
The Best Filibertos out there.  Check it out on wednesday for $1 bean burritos.
Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
Nice food and beer selection.   Waitstaff is a little distracted at times but overall good food.
decent pork chops and great tea, is what I had there recently.
Love this place I go here all the time best prices great selection would  deff recommend
Ozzy is perfection. Best server ive ever had. He gave me my first macaroon bless his soul.
Best Hawaiian hands down with the friendliest staff. I come here at least once a week.
Great sandwiches! My usual stop for lunch on the way to Toronto
Great food,  even greater service !  LouAnn was outstanding!! I'm an eggworks junkie!!!
Fun atmosphere, very young crowd. Lunch items are nicely plated with decent sized portions.
This is a great place to watch sports at with reasonable prices and good food and drinks!
Service is ridiculously bad.  Got here at 6:57pm and didn't even get a menu until 7:17pm.
Typical uptown restaurant.  Way overpriced for what you get.  Exceedingly average. Not worth it.
I work at an all you can eat sushi place. I go here when I want the good stuff.
Best snow-cones.  All in the texture.  Price is really good compared to others also.
Great local watering hole....guranteed to run into someone from the past
Delicious food (I recommend the Chang Mai noodles) and the friendliest staff. Huge portions too!
Great service from Lee McClennin our serverlast evening.  Drinks and food are just okay.
Best burgers in town, definitely worth the wait (they're super busy around dinnertime)!
Great Chocolate, great fondue. Fantastic experience there. I had so much fun. Thank you.
Good for a casual Friday night.  Staff is friendly, and service is adequate.
Excellent tacos and choices. Great prices. Great location. Speedy service. Friendly staff.
Decent grocery store. Produce is good. Staff is very friendly at all times of the day.
DOLLAR CAR RENTAL IS HORRIBLE.... https://www.consumeraffairs.com/travel/dollar.htm
Tried the one in Solon this week and the Fairlawn location. All the Burntwood are amazing!
Pretty good asado burrito and the homemade tortillas. I will definitely pay another visit soon.
Wow.  Three words say it all: Peking Duck Heaven.
Awesome tea place. I collect teas and I love the organic detox since it helps with hangovers :)
Don't know what the bad reviews are all about. My guy comes every week and my pool is immaculate
First visit and the Cobb Salad was delish! Very fresh! Atmosphere is quaint, casual, laid back.
Good late night spot for beer and good music. The patio is big and has a couple bars.
Sushi, sashimi were good.  The miso soup and the noodle came out cold.  Really, are you kidding me?
Pam Douglass NP is very knowledgeable and gives each patient the attention they need.
I am so upset that all the stores are closing.  I really don't know what I'm going to do!
Excellent food and service.  My server recommended a great local beer.  Nice foie too.
By far the best beer in the airport. . . .
Its not ao cheaper ao customer quality is better mostly adults prefer, limitless refill coffee
Love this place. Service was good but can improve a little and food was excellent and fresh
Great office! Appreciate all the staff especially the hygienist Allison and Dr Snider and Dr Hahn
The atmosphere is amazing. The staff is friendly and the food is awesome. Favorite breakfast place
It was just "ok" if you don't know what good sushi is them you will probably love it.
Pretty decent as far as fast food sushi goes.
Love the food & service here. Front host and our server/bartender were both very friendly!
The best studio in Arizona!! The owners are awesome and our Daughter loves dancing there!!
We enjoyed our dinner so much. Our server, Amber, rocked!!! Great food, service, and awesome drinks!
The restaurant has closed for business as of May 12th.  What a shame!
Tuesday nights, free bacon and $1 beers! what more can you ask for?
Good food, friendly owner and service!  Our favorite Kent restaurant outside of downtown.
Best Thai around. The portion sizes are huge. The chicken Pad Thai fed my wife and I easily.
Good service and good decor. But the food is too salty and too sour. Not a good Japanese restaurant.
*UPDATE*  The country bar next door is out of business so no more loud crappy music! Bonus!
Great food and service! The ambiance is a similar to a loud cafeteria but you'll get used to it.
Just moved from Jersey, been on the hunt for a good pie. This is a good pie!
Very sad day......they had the best Tortellini.....Rest in peace Pasta Pomodoro
Been here n every time a great selection of beers! I'm gettn a Salmon BLT...always my "go to"...
I used to think Pamela's was the best breakfast in town, until I came to this place.  Amazing.
Our massages were okay, nothing special. Loved everything else, the relaxation room was amazing.
I'm not the most cultured fellow but I enjoy a good museum now and again. This place is great.
I love the food and the environment! Great service and it's in the heart of downtown. I recommend .
Best pizza anywhere!  Every time I come back to the burg, I have to stop and get a pizza!
Excellent food and guest service. Waiters are conversationalists and food is beyond compare.
Good service, always friendly but today every beer Donnie has order they do not have. :-(
So yummy! Friendly and fast delivery, food was hot and delicious :) definitely will be back.
Great food at a reasonable price. Extensive wine list. Great atmosphere. Swordfish was excellent!
Love this place!  Great service, good food at a decent price.  Drinks are huge.
Friendly staff. They did a great job with French tipped acrylics.  Will definitely come back
The food there was okay. I had a salmon dish there. I don't eat beef so I can speak for their steak.
Best steak house in Arizona!!! Love the Chop salad and moscato is amazingit!!!!
Great burgers and onion rings.  They make the burgers fresh and use quality ingredients.
Everything is worth a try!  Hummus falafel Chicken platter with rice Hookahs are great too!
Fabulous breakfast and lunch . Have not tried it for dinner yet.  The always have tables available
Absolutely delicious. Best pho in town. Great service. The bubble tea are also to die for.
Great sushi choices, decent price for dinner.. fast and friendly service every time I've been.
Food is super tasty! Great portions, happy to have found a decent Chinese place here in Vegas.
I don't like paper plates and plastic forks and spoons for soul food
by far the best street tacos in town, maybe anywhere, think ill go there now
above avg breakfast, but the decor and atmosphere of a law office.
Super awsesome haircut and very friendly staff.  I hardly had to wait for my turn
I was just there and Hailey did a amazing job on my hair. I will definitely be back thank you!
Great buffet, but slow to refill food items. Melissa was a great server. MUST get the orange juice!
Moki.  Hold the onion.  Beer Hot sausage.  Nothing more to say.
Dirty plates and hair in food. Salad was decent. Entree and appetizer were comped. Will not be back.
Tons of beers on tap.  The food is average and overpriced.
Absolute best Italian food I have ever had!  The wait staff great!  I would go a million times more!
Fixed garage door. Did a great job. Left everything neat and tidy! Also, garage door doesn't squeak.
Been here many times services were great stuff friendly food great and lot of parking spaces
Great screen with great sound.  Love the fact the place is always clean.
snooker haven  often overlooked in pool halls but the restrooms are one of the best
Great place for cheap beer! $6 Pitchers.  Dumplings and soup dumplings are pretty good as well.
Great service, chill atmosphere, and amazing food.  Will definitely go again and again!!!
Great Sunday brunch for $8 - 10.  Service is ok too... As long as you make it before the noon rush.
Great folks. Honest and they do the best work and care! ILas Vegas
The sushi was good, but I have had better.
We really enjoyed our first visit. Our dog Jellybean was even more grateful to be welcomed!
Great prices for the portions, absolutely delicious food, and a wonderful family-owned atmosphere.
I crave this place all the time. Raja is the best and very personable.
Traditional Irish pub with the great selection on tap and outside seating with view of the strip.
Very good! Great service! Great food! Decent prices $20-25 per entree! Would recommend!
Typical golf course fare.  Nice if you live in Summerlin.
Nice beer selection, good service, great bar food.  Typical bar atmosphere.
I like this place in my time to lunch. the prices are  accessible and the food is very good.
Had a great breakfast. Extra star for the awesome service thanks to Chrystal. We'll be back!!
No wait time . Great hospitality from start to end . Jessica and Aurelia were the best . Thank you !
Pretty delicious! Saturdays 2 for 1 sushi including specialty rolls.
It's straight garbage. The GM is a tool. Pissed I signed up. Gonna cancel after first payment comes.
Wonderful desert place, had their maple cookies and they were divine. Very friendly service.
Meh is right. I've tried this place now 3 times, every time it's a disappointment. Skip it.
Great service and the burgers are very tasty.  Hours are convenient. Try lettuce burger wrap! !
Great bagels, and being from NYC's Upper West Side I should know.
Food was decent, service was not. No wine list. Might come back next time. Nice cocktail list.
The service was good but the happy hour food was disappointing. It left a lot to be desired.
Great staff on Thursday May 25.. Friendly, easy going. Nice corner spot. Excellent flat white.
Best Vietnamese food in town. The pho is incredible. Always busy, but quick and efficient service.
Brunch was fabulous.  Good food, good service and beautiful surroundings.
Came in to make a reservation days in advance, when came in they had no records of it.
Great enchiladas, beans, and rice. Packed for lunch so plan ahead. Consistently good.
Ok food. Ok service. Left smelling horrible of cigarette smoke.
XCLLNT service!  FABulous alteration/repair!
Good stuff!  I liked work by several of the featured artists, especially Sevki Kuzay.
Bought fries. Ok. Nothing spectacular but better than fast food joints.
$10 Friday Nights! Penny Drinks 9pm to Midnight!
A gem of the Northside! Great brews. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great staff.  Love it!
Super friendly service.  DELISH brick oven pizza.  cooked to perfection!!! =)
This location has closed
Since the remodel, this location has gone uphill quick--yay! Much cleaner, awesome staff....
Yum! Amazing BBQ! Great friendly staff!
The best Primanti's in town! Always good food and the staff is great!
Not bad I'm hoping they will keep the hours open till 3 am we will come back
I walked in and they fixed my necklace in short order and for free! Grateful!
Great family business! Great food! Fast lunch!  My lunch spot anytime on on this side of town!
Poor Customer Service.  Fake promises.  Overall waste of time.
Super cool hidden gem for the magic world. Big open space for events and great staff.
Great spot for lunch. Quick service and fair prices for how much you get. Will definitely be back.
Stay away from their service dept. Over 2700 for a a/c compressor and condenser replacement.
Iced coffee and the scones are a beaut (as is the interior space). Highly recommended.
I love this place! The food is good. The service is good. I just go for the hibachi!!!
The absolute best tart cabbage/noodle soup and dumplings EVER!  It was awesome.
Beef carpaccio is orgasmic! And don't forget to try the mushroom grits and quail egg pizza.
Upscale interior, good music, great service, and $2 happy hour after work. Need I say more?
Great delicious food and really good people. Finally I can taste real Mediterranean flower.
Gina did arrangements for a baby shower and they were amazing!!!  Reasonably priced too
Love this place! Great value and so many options!  Can't go wrong with anything you get!
These guys are awesome and will be buying from again.  Literally saved me hundreds on my tv stand.
Delicious, great service, wide variety of options! Have brought so many visitors here!
Foods pretty good. The price is a little more than comparable places but it's still worth it.
Great customer service. Very friendly and helpful.  George is fantastic! We love our bed!
Liz the waitress was GREAT!  She did a wonderful job. We had a party of 12 and she was fantastic!!!!
Awesome bbq. Get there early... the brisket sells out quickly. Very reasonable and authentic.
Good for Gluten Free. I had the Bowl. Easy in and out. Located close to Case Western.
A bar with good sound!  and a good beer selection!  why'd they hide the door?
I love their mee katang! The service is great! The gathering service is perfect for events.
Did not have a good experience. The eye exam doctor was 45 minutes late for our appointment.
Great beer selection  Food is mediocre  Great place to stop by after hitting the bike trails
Best kept secret in Toronto the food that they make I don't think you can get better food in Toronto
Nice Vietnamese rea Tita time close to home. I really like their spring roll water bowl. Super cool
Great food, great service and great prices! One of my favorites. Oh and the margaritas are awesome
We love Hearthstone! The service is always excellent and the bacon wrapped dates are a must try.
I love the beer, ambience, music and potato wedges!!!!!!! Can't get enough of this place!
Awesome donuts. Maple bacon and cinnamon  rolls all the way. Great staff. Always friendly
This place is the bomb. Wings are Devine and crunchy and jumbo sized. Get the half and half wings.
Nicely appointed, well kept. outside of the restaurant customer service did not truly impress me.
Food great even though timing is slow but that just due to less staff working the place
Great work!  Time to bring my new truck in for some work.  Thanks
authentic with a touch of fusion. will come back for the rest of the menu.
Friendly staff and Great food!! I love their vijayawada chicken boneless biryani. Will visit soon!!
This subway gives military discounts!
This place has definitely gotten better.  New taco options with lots of variety.
Average quality of meats, Good service, seasonings are a bit strong.
Siera gave me a great haircut tonight! I was impressed with the salon and instructor.
Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.
Excellent set menu Dimsum. Pricy but worth every bite.
Great place to hang out after work. Love their salmon, peach Bellini is good to try too.
This is a wonderful Mexican restaurant that has a great setting it is surrounded by a man-made pond.
This is a fun place in a great location, but other than desserts the food is only so-so.
Great atmosphere.  Great food. Huge menu!  Friendly staff. Lots of healthy choices.
Best cornbread and potato salad in pittsburgh. No matter what you eat you must try those
Great Italian food with amazing and friendly service. I'll definitely be back!
Great customer service! Never a long wait! Good product!
Cheap and tasty food. Watch out for the salsa it packs a punch.
Great ambience and superb service but the price not worthy for the 5-course tasting menu.
Food is ok once you get it. I've been waiting 45 minutes and counting for 6 tacos and nothing.
Perfect, delicious donuts. It's our neighborhood's best donut shop. :)
Excellent service, great place to do yoga. Had a great experience and will come back again soon.
Yummy, huge, messy bacon burger. Very friendly service. Will be coming back soon.
Excellent food ! deserts are home made. Prices very reasonable
Crumb cake donut:  Decent donut. Soft cakey texture.  But not something I'd go out of my way to get.
Delivery is quick. Boiled sliced fish and whole fish dry pot are good choice if u like  hot dishes.
Purchased the blue ink which had been used. Really feel very bad about this!
Not happy with results of my color from Kirsten beware she is horrible in color. She damage my hair.
Great food! Excellent customer service! Best find in Concord for sure!
Good driving school. Peter is an awesome instructor. Classes were surprisingly interesting.
For volleyball it might be good but if you like basketball it's terrible the floor is falling apart
Great happy hour. Salmon yakitori and lobster tacos are a favorite.
They are the best. My daughter feels confident now. I'm thankful to find them. Thanks a lot
Thanks guys for a awesome haircut. This place is clean, chick beautiful. Definitely coming back!
Great place, fast service, nice bunch of guys.
Yum yum yum!!! Love this place!! Great place to hang out and have a coffee and a doughnut!
Great burgers and milkshakes!!!! Our waiter Robert was awesome, exceptional service!!!!
 2 British Pub Garden  
Awesome jerk chicken..plus they're open super late! Best late night food in the area!
Pos:Good show. Entertaining. Neg:Pushed DVD too hard.
Artsy Decent price one of the worst haircuts of my life. You will not see me there again.
Wow! Super delicious :) I will totally order food from here again.
This is one of my favorite lunch spots! I love their soup and sandwich combo!
Needed a extra vehicle for a large group ,do not rent here, cars are filthy!!!
Really delicious food, even have things a non-red meat eater can enjoy.
Went here with my dad. Service was a little slow but the food was amazing. I'd definitely go back.
Fun course. Check out the night golf during the summer. They have a range too.
love this place!  this is a regular place for our family.
Impressed by the Hakka noodles.  Perfect mix of flavor and spice.  Service was quick.
Great guy, very reasonable. Showed up early and was in and out. You will not be sorry you called.
it was okay, nothing i would go out of my way for. Food was good but not great.
I'd give them 0 stars if I could. Unfriendly, unprofessional, unresponsive. Avoid this company.
The food was great and the servers were absolutely phenomenal! Would definitely come again!
Don't order on the phone , they will forget about it and claim they never got it. -__-
Good food and relaxed atmosphere with an itallian touch!
Its a pretty good little vietnamese place. Always tastes great and is good for the price.
Service sucks still waiting for server to pay bill for 15 minutes. Food good but very slow
Outstanding customer service Brad is wonderful to deal with concerning our 2 cars Highly recommend
Super fun local brewery - with tasty treats and yummy drinks!
Right off the freeway and right next to car rental return.  Can't ask more from a gas station.
Delicious & reasonable drinks - I recommend the chai latte.
Phenomal food, very high quality and authentic, impressed. Even the buffet was killer!!
Overall a good place to live if you have kids. The long list of amenities are amazing.
Best place to play pool and drinks at low prices.
I stopped here my last time through and looked forward to it again this year. I love this shop!
Great place for dim sum! I tried their new dessert today- mochi with peanuts! So good
Cheap, quick, and painless eye exam for contacts. Helped order contacts at a very good price.
Definitely a hidden gem and authentic Mexican dining experience.
xtra spicy vindaloo & tikka masala are really good
Oh BP's, how I loathe thee... can I count the ways??
This is a probably a new restaurant but the food is authentic from Mexico is very good
A GREAT SALON Clean ,friendly, professional with fabulous service SOPHIA IS A GEM!!!!!
Great device, chill place. Pretty good hookah and a good selection of food. Highly recommend it.
windows face out to town square so certain tables are great fun people watching
Real Italian style cappucinos. Need I say more?
Best happy hour in town!AAAA+
Amazing classes for all levels! The instructors are friendly, fun, and helpful. Love this place!
Honestly, I mostly just come and get a dessert and grape Kool-aid while waiting for my Chinese food.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. Outstanding service and the food was on point!
Always a treat.  One of my favorite restaurants.  I make it a priority whenever I am in Montreal.
They're great until someone ruins your hair. They'll have nothing to do with you when you complain.
Food was amazing. BEER was cold! And the service was beyond reproach!!! Ask for Lauren!!!
If you have time to wait for fresh  cookies I would highly recommend it!!!!!!!  Very clean store.
Good stuff. Def worth trying out.
Very over rated. Had big expectations but at the end just another pizzeria with bad service.
Nice playground for toddlers, however the train was out of service both times we went.
Pouting fries are fresh and very good. Service is always awesome and the donuts don't get fresher!
Best Mala sauce around! I always enjoy the Brisket with it and have never had a sub par experience
Hidden gem. Amazing cocktails and wonderful food. Drove an hour to come up here. Wish it was closer.
Fast and efficient.  Picked up in 20 minutes  after order. Pickup took 20 seconds. Great service.
One of the very best French restaurants in all of Quebec.  Enough said!
Pam is amazing! My hair was a hot mess and she got me fixed up and looking beautiful in a few hours!
Loved our birthday balloons. Fast and stress free ordering process, super friendly service!
Norwood, Munnerlyn, Wharton - Go Gamecocks!  Go Panthers!
Really good food, and friendly staff. Also very clean as well. Will be coming back soon
Best therapeutic massage I've had!! Cara was amazing! Thank you for such a wonderful experience!.
Great service, great taste and perfect product...try a Bialy they are the best!
So many options and fresh toppings bar!! Great price and glad to have found this nearby treasure!!
The food is really delicious and don't forget to get the dessert surprise for 4. We were overloaded!
Tasty and fast. What more do you need between flights? Decent, although not expansive, seating.
Here in Cleveland, WOW!  I recommended this restaurant. Every Food I ate was excellent.
Nacho portion was big enough to share. Salsa and guacamole tasted fresh. Delicious.
Dr. Bart and the entire team has been amazing!  Would highly recommend!
Tr s beau b timent, une fois en haut, une tr s belle vue sur Motr al (ce qui est assez rare).
Great service great food great decor but if you can dine outside do so it faces the strip !!!
Without a doubt the best carne asada tacos in all of Phoenix! Enough said.
Fun atmosphere and good food. Service was good, even on a game day. Prices are great too.
Dan's a great barber, I highly recommend seeing him. Great prices and great haircuts and beard work.
Good prices and the staff are talented and friendly. Good deal for those in LV.
Service was slow but food and coffee was great. Definitely a must for a Sunday morning brunch!
Hard to find you'll walk right past it. But great food. The fried chicken skins uhmmm.
Order the "777" Not on the menu but always available Steak, shrimp, mash, veggies $7.77 Delicious!
Waffle Dogs are out of this world. Will dine here as often as we are in Phoenix
Took my mini schnauzer to get groomed and they did a great job!
Amazing desserts  Overall, Food was pretty good - seafood was not  fresh
Anazing and efficient service! They got me moved in fast and were friendly, reliable and very nice.
scallops - 5 stars service - 5 stars flatbread - 3.5 stars salad - 3 stars chocolate cake - 4 stars
Excellent menu Tom Kha soup was fabulous! Try spicy  #3 with rice. Very delicious. YUM!!
Best ice cream in the city! Just beware the neighborhood.
Nice dancers but so much attitude of waitress and guys who escorting to table.
Food is always good and service is great. Except don't really like the graveyard bartender.
Vegetable pizza is amazing. Side of feta and some hummus. Pita made fresh.
Good, quality food.  Love the fact that I used to eat at that Taco Bell when I was little.
Very cute, good food, great service French cafe. I plan to go back to this hidden gem.
Not impressed, the carne asada tacos aren't that good. Tough meat and not very tasty.
Very good! Perfect blend for me, got the Match and Cheese with crystal boba. My new fave!
Great place to get bite of an overpriced breakfast and average "High Society" service.
Awesome service. Honesty. Couldn't ask for more!  I would recommend it to anyone in the CF area.
Velvet pancakes... The best... Service was excellent... Recommend to anyone looking for good food
Yay I got a free Starbucks coffee on my bday so excited.  Place and people are so amazing!!!!!
I really love their job they do an amazing job thank you again guys you did a really good job.
Best nail service I have ever had. Michelle does an outstanding job!
Ray is awesome!!! I showed him a style I wanted and it came out perfect! I love it!! Mahalo #808
We love to order the vegetable chow mein  with crispy tofu. It is a huge meal and serves two.
Lenny okayed the space for Jess to work on my car....2b continued....
Order das boot! Everything here is great. Probably the most worth your money in Las Vegas.
Great place to grab coffee and chill alone or with friends.  Across from the Phoenix art museum.
Max is a great waiter and the la belle province is great! Atmosphere is also great :)
I left Cleveland back in 1991 however whenever I come home Kim's is the 1st place I hit.
Pretty average food. Heard It was so great but no different than a Perkins or Village Inn.
The new Reese's peanut butter doughnut is amazing! Yeeessss! Thank you for thinking outside the box.
We love this brewery! Best in the area. The beer is very, very good. Lots of choices.
These guys are the best!!! Service is excellent! Friendly and informative love this place!!
This place is clean and the service staff is VERY friendly and informative! Highly recommend!
Great sushi .they have happy hours too.-nice atmosphere -lounge type. Mai thai is excellent
love everything about this place
Good place very clean wife loves it good job guys come from California just to get a pedi here
I love the ultimate grilled cheese and garden chowder.
I tried the steak sandwich was okay but everything is so over priced specially a can of coke...
Had a few meal there that weren't bad.  Nice place for drinks with some friends as well.
Great atmosphere, horrible bartenders. They have a bunch of children running the bar.
Nice weather today and walk by the plaza saw this place ,I enjoyed my lunch time here. Good mood.
BEST SPRINGROLLS IN THE VALLEY!!! Great chicken pho as well - stay away from the rice dishes.
Like steak sandwiches .. And has a good beer selection a little pricey that's why the 4 stars..
Store always has that pretty messy look to it. But hey, there is a post office in the back
We love have breakfast here... Eyes can eat nice view too The breakfast steaks are amazing
Great work Doc!  Would highly recommend this place - friendly, clean and professional.
Love the sauce and seasoning and the pepperoni is the best, one of my fav pizza joints!!
Two words: Jalepeno Margarita.  Just go.  Trust me.
Excellent service and great food. A definite stop for dining off the strip!!
So good, so fun! I did it twice in the beginning of August! The best club crawl to do in Vegas!!
very professional, dependable. would recommend to anyone. extremely happy with my services.
It's OK. I would expect better considering this is Phoenix AZ, and mexican food places are all over.
I love going shopping here, this is the only place that I can find my mochi icecream
Dinner here was very good.  Service was excellent and the salad bar was well stocked.
Gr8 prices on halal meat when compared apples to apples one could save arleast 30% on retail prices
The smoked wings are KILLER! Can't recommend them enough!  Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Their 4pm yoga class is amazing. It is a great way to start your weekend.
Always good food and good service! Hot & sour soup is my favorite. Come here at least once a week.
Awesome food! Shrimp tacos were bomb and being a first time client I can say they definitely won me.
Fantastic dive bar, comfortable settings, pool tables and daily drink specials, $2 pbr every day
Can't wait to buy a wonderful treasure for our home, BB!  Always fun to shop with you!
I really like old timey stuff. And dessert. And tea. That is all.
Great pizza and wings, every time! Reasonably priced and a family favorite for sure :)
One ATM makes a line seem so much longer.
Always great service and wonderful food.  We had a great time, thanks!
Buffet was GREAT but the managers' attitude SUCKS !!! They need to retrain in Customer Service.
Great place with excellent coffee. If you are looking for a good cafe latte you will find it here.
Worst ever this isn't BBQ. And portions the size of childs meal. Good service. Bad food
one of the better vietnamese restaurants around. i like any of the bun or rice dishes.
Hands down my fav place to go!! So glad they opened a second location at the orchard. It's perfect!!
Favorite donut place in town. Great variety and service.
Trust me when I say do not order the sweet-and-sour chicken. You will be disappointed!
The food here is absolutely off the hook good! If you do not like great food, go somewhere else.
Best pizza! Love the pizza crust as an appetizer and then the thin crust pizza for dinner/lunch.
Got my food real fast (Express, I guess). Curry rice was over-spiced, not tasty at all.
Rustle is a cool dude, knows how to chop. Solid spot off the strip -- located at Rock A Doo.
Absolutely love this place. Great food with great service!  (Thank you Courtney). Highly recommend
Decent food, incredibly slow service. :(. Came for lunch. Only a few patrons. Disappointed.
This is the worst store ever simply because the staff is crap , owner should find new employee
If you like burgers then fat boy is the place to go very good service and food always good
The area and service here is great but I wish they had a better variety of frozen yogurt.
i loved the atomsophere, food was great and great service
Super friendly and make you feel welcome and at home. Big portions, good food, simple
better than burger king...and that is saying a lot in the fast food industry
Meh. The food was good but their service was so, so.  The broads were sweet & entertaining.
Love Sharon! I have never found a better nail specialist than her!
Cant smoke cigars on patio but can smoke cigarettes.  Makes loads of sense.  Wont be back.
Great pita gyros! Big portions, and great bakalava too.  I'll be back.
Great view from the top, well worth the $5 round trip ticket.
For a quick fix it's good but don't  come at 5. A line almost out the door one server, one cashier
A bit of my hometown on the Vegas strip! Doesn't get much better! Chicago mix please!
Very good desert place, a place to hang out after dinner.  I would recommend this to anybody.
Love salon Estique! I always feel so welcome and they really listen to exactly what you want!
I dream about this place all the time. Excellent pizza great prices- very generous with toppings
staff is always nice but often confused, sandwitches tastes yummy and fresh bread is always good
A hidden gem. This place is worth a visit.
Super fast and Ron was the best! I always come here for my smog and I'm never disappointed!
Best Chi in Henderson.  Their coffee is not bad either.  Very good place for lunch.
Best meal we had on our trip to vegas! The shrimp was amazing! And our bartender Felicia was great!
amazing esp on fries, they are so fresh and crisp despite the meat and sauces on them!! yumm!!
Cool place to get your car wash. Great price and friendly service. What more do you want? Go.
The front staff are amazing! And so is stephanie, I've avoided dentists but this is the place to be
Amazing comfort food, the chicken pot pie is very good and I would strongly recommend it!
Amazing! Great customer service and they know how to make an arrangement! Best in town.
Not bad. I realy enjoyed there fire cracker taquitos appetizer. Tbone steak was good as well
Good job, came on time cleaned up the driveway, courteous, timely service.  Highly recommended.
Great place for drink in Vegas!!! Employees are nice and drinks are delicious. Will come back!!!
Best place for any Pittsburgh merchandise. Beats most places on prices and very helpful staff!
Waiting in line for 2 hours on the guestlist on a monday night is epic fail.  I am dumb.
The place is small and cute. Downside only one bar and the restroom is icky. The music was cool.
Ordered from here a few times and thought it was execllent... great flavors and not greasy at all
Yes, it's OK hotel in Vegas. Pool is far away from room. Their sports bar staff are friendly.
Very good service and best pizza in town! extra super points about having it gluten free!
Great space, friendly and professional staff, and a really good pedicure. Highly recommend Sekai!
Loved the salon vibe. Very young and casual. Owner Sarah is awesome! Great cut. Great energy.
It wasn't that great, tapioca was bad, bubble tea tasted like powder. Never coming back
Great food and excellent service. Linguini and clams was amazing. Pssst.. try their arrabbiata sauce
Great pizza, AWESOME salads with their house dressing and as always, a fun and lively atmosphere.
It comparison to Starbucks Frappacino... crap! horribly sweet and just frothy not slushy!
Still love this place no matter what others say.  I think they have great expresso.
I read all the hype and had to go get some pho. Staff was awesome food amazing. I will be back.
What a GREAT time! Excellent tour - I'd do it again & bring out of town guests!
Excellent!
Great food and excellent service by Caylin and Eugene. Will come back tome and time again!
Worst National location I have ever been through.  Manager does not care at all. I hate this place
My fave for sportsbook, the pool, oyster bar, and local specials. So pretty too!
Was able to walk in and no pressure but still get the help needed... Hair match perfectly!
Saw the movie "Born to be Wild" here.  Catch it in this great Cleveland location soon.
The best flamed chicken ever ... I wish Nando's had locations in Downtown or West Toronto
I was going to write a detailed review but it doesn't deserve one. This place sucks! End of story.
Yummy and fry sauce has a little kick! amazing!
Excellent neighborhood bar and eatery. Friendly staff, great prices, and a nice atmosphere.
This place is crap. Avoid at all cost, unless you want to pay $1000+.
Love this place.  Lots of choices and love the KURE on Tap Bar with so many different choices!
Genuinely good, friendly people serving up some bomb-ass tacos on the cheap.
rat infested building D, 4th floor, in the walls and apartments.
Good food and good rose water lemonade. I always craving for these on Monday, that they are closed.
Live talent is a great company to represent. I'm proud to be part of the team. Thank you so much!
Drove my garbage truck here only to find out that in fact it was not a dump.thanks alot tammy.
Sitting inside the cafe and enjoying the last glimpse of sunlight was such a memorible experience.
Great FOOD! Was so glad that we visited Vegetarian Haven.
Just bought a business! I needed an iMac and iPad ASAP! Thank you so much guys!!!! Freakin rocks
Did nothing for me, but other people love it.
Friendly employees, fast service, and a cool app for free drinks and/or offers.
Bogtrotters is so great. A true Cleveland original!
Lucy does an amazing job. It looks beautiful and professional. I highly recommend this salon!
Great customer service. Scott helped me get Insurance on our new home. Highly recommended!!!
Good selection of golf shirts in the men's department. Go figure.
No complaints. The pool was nice and apartment was big enough, but could have used some updates.
Awesome food, our waiter Gene was the coolest, presentation was amazing.
Had the prime rib and it was good. Great decor and atmosphere. Cheesecake is unbelievable
Shar and her staff are absolutely awesome!  Good, old-fashioned customer service!
The service was good, but the ambience, and food was decent. I found it a little overpriced.
Love that it is audience interactive and that I can take my teenagers. Lots of fun!
Gone downhill. Burger patty was smaller, cheese was cheaper, food was cold.
drinks delicious hooked cute chic deco, cheap
Good food, good service. Have the Pastrami !! Real New Yorkers .. not BS
Best pizza in Pittsburgh area, great spaghetti sauce and wings.  Should be higher than 3.5 stars.
Lawry's is the bomb for lunch too!! Just went for the first time and  sandwiches are delicious!
Takashi is amazing and is super generous to customers! Their food is super delicious!
Margarita, hot stone, foot scrub, 80s music.. couldn't ask for a better place for a pedicure
Food is outstanding.  Sushi very fresh.  Friendly staff.  Very trendy place to grab a bite to eat..
service is good but the food is going down hill. If you like hot, get a side of hatch chilis
Best BBQ I've had in Montreal. No sauce needed the meat is super tender and flavorful.
Fantastic cupcakes. The flavors pop and the icing is real. That's enough to be said right there.
Good, caring, professional service from skilled optometrists.
Quality customer service and quality accommodations. The diner is wonderful too.
Opens late 6days a week. Authentic Mexican street food. Try everything on there menu!
Great high quality food. Baklava was pricey but excellent. Also owner very nice accommodating.
Great Food  Nice Service Hosts were Great!!!
Stella was amazing.  came on a Monday night. Music ,  hookah , drinks , and a good night
Expensive, but worth it. The staff are on another level. The food is top notch. Highly recommended
The food is really good, I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
Mark is the man! New to the area, and this is our favorite spot. Great food and service.
Poor service, food was cold. Definitely would drive the extra bit just to go to a different location
Never been there. Not interested...this is a mistake. I wouldn't go to place owned by Oscar Goodman
I guess it ok to threaten residents and throw two women to the ground. It's on video,
The food was terrible.  The meat smelled funny, think it was old.
This is an honest shop that is fair. Unlike the VW dealership, they only do what is needed.  Thanks!
Delicious coffee! Great place to grab a cup as you wait for a table at Pamela's.
Leaving Luci's because there are ZERO vegan options! Get with the program Luci's... so bummed :(
I go to Texas de Brazil today the food is great delicious im have happy I recommend to eat the
Everything was great, but what stood out was the excellent seared foie gras!
Great restaurant! Food is Devine! Everything here is good. Service is great too.
A great authentic and affordable, reasonably priced Mexican restaurant.
Good! Service might of been a bit slow, but a movie and drinks...sounds good to me!
Quality has completely deteriorated.  Not impressed with food of customer service. So sad.
Great food and service, the owner/manager was very friendly and made sure we felt welcome
Good flavor.  Good service.  Not the cheapest place ever, but the quality is on point.
Amazing place. The Ahi Tuna martini is my favorite, but everything I've tried is good!!
Sunday evening wasnt crowded. Its not as noisy as other lounges and the hookah menu is awesome.
The best burgers!!! I could eat the "rising sun" everyday, great shoe string fries too!
Great value but just average food . Still probably the best choice in the LKN area for Thai
They've got great variety of Asian dish on the menu! No matter what you get you can't go wrong.
Great service and the waitresses and food is amazing!! A definitely a must go too well in Las Vegas
The best ice cream I have found in Phoenix so far! You have to have it in the doughnut.
Always a great wash.  12.99 is the basic carwash.  Buy the gift book and get 3 washes for $25.
Delicious food, cute outdoor patio, excellent service. We always have a great experience at Nicky's!
Pad Thai and Green Curry Chicken are a can't miss.  You won't be disappointed.
Haven't had an AYCE sushi experience this great in Vegas. Rice to fish proportions are perfect.
one of the worst bars i've ever been to  shit food, horrible service, badly priced drinks
Very nice I like that there's separate sitting room and three sinks. Mini fridge and microwave too.
Their breakfast was pretty good and their fresh squeezed orange juice is pretty refreshing :)..
Had a craving for Mexican food and drink, Filled the bill and more
The Singapore rice noodles are fantastic.  Please go to Roppongi !
Good food and quick service. Pizza is a little over greasy but still taste excellent!
Good service.  Always busy in te mornings.  I get my free refills if i show my Starbucks card.
Great hot dog joint! Gotta try the brats or Italian sausage as well - love the fries!!!
Tamales really taste authentic. Good price and food.  Pleasant people and fast service.
I take all of my shoe repair and clothing mending to these guys. They never disappoint!
just great food - been eating there for over 40 yrs - its all good !
This is a fabulous place. So unique and the pastries are amazing. A perfect indulgence!
Excellent drinks and great small plates. Make sure you try the Scotch eggs, best I've ever had
The maintenance guy Joseph is incredible, any issues any problems he takes care of them right away.
SOOOOOO yummy! All I really have to say is GO TASTE these yummy donuts!
I like this place a lot! They have lots of books and DVD/CD. Their staff is friendly.
I wasn't expecting much and that's basically what I got. Bar food and slow service.
The best cr me br l e truck in the city! No, the state!! Maybe even the world and/or universe!!!
Prompt response and very professional. Was referred by homeowners insurance. Would use again
good instructors !! I love body combat !!
Quality food at a fair price, Ken and his crew know what to do they will save you money too.
Great sushi and great service - Chelsea was the best! She was very helpful and friendly.
Quite possibly the best fries and strawberry shake I've ever had. So. Freaking. Good!
The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!! If u really like garlic the garlic bread is pretty tasty too.
This place is awesome! The owner is very knowledgeable. Valerie makes getting a Brazilian a breeze!!
I bought two bikes in this store and I'm fully satisfied. Awesome customer service!
Good food good service never busy. I always come here for the salad and the guac is a must.
Fresh, high quality, authentic, clean, great service... in short, amazing! Just like in M xico!
Pretty authentic coastal Mexican food and good price. Parking situation is scetchy to say the least.
They have a lot of staff there but extremely slow. People don't know what are they doing
They got that hyphee mud on point, ask for that hyphee mud and they'll give you the hook up
Great service and facility.  We used to take our kids here frequently when they were younger.
Amazing selection of wide variety of authentic vegetarian Indian cuisine. The service is excellent!
Service was just as great as the food  I got the #1 with garlic Parmesan with some fries
Very nice establishment! Spacious and no waiting...will be returning! All the ladies are lovely!
It is now closed. Its a sushi joint.
Maggie is horrible to deal with she needs to go back to customer service 101!!
Bad service, subpar food. Our waiter was very oblivious to our needs and the food all tasted burnt.
The food is always great.  But Nashay made this time amazing, very nice and personable!
D is for donut as well as Delicious!!!!! Friendly donut house is the bomb that's all I gotta say!
The place is the best in Gilbert. I love the way you feel when your there.  Owner is Great!
Service. So. Slow. I want my Starbucks quick service.
Needed my apartment cleaned same day- Fast service! Good Work. Reasonable price. Highly recommend!
Yes, they are amazing. Go. Don't read anymore. Just do it.
This store is store is sooooo messy. Things are mispriced and shelves are disasters.
Great atmosphere.  Very well done, traditional style, anticuchos were legit.
Nice family restaurant.    The Denver omelette was delicious.
Got number 10 and 2. Love it here at BAMBU Las Vegas. Clean and nice place! Highly recommend
Under new management. Definetly improving. Customer service is on point. Yuummmmy smoothies.
First visit and will be back. Anna and John was very professional and on top of their game!
loved the ambiance  food is ok need to try more items to be sure enjoyed it!!
Always love this place. Great coffee, free wifi, and its the perfect time for its backyard patio!
Quality has gone down the hill. Tried a few times but been disappointing last few months.
Love shopping here. Best to chat it up with the staff. They can find some great music for you.
Really decent dive bar. Nice patio upstairs.
Good food, good service, with a nice atmosphere. This place is a diamond in the rough.
Fabulous fried chicken and the salmon was sooooo good good with the spinach cauliflower
I wake up this morning i take a shower i find my wallet in the floor and my $300 was gone !!  Shit
Alysia remembered me.  Blond. She made me and my friends amazing drink. Great bartender!!!
Great food! Good service. Grilled wings are tasty! Got the wango tango sauce and sweet potato fries
one of my favorite theaters in the valley. great food options outside the theater!
Horrible service! Won't come here again. Food was ok nothing special.
I was really happy with their service!!!  Honest, polite, efficient, and fair with the price.
good place for summer days, food is good and prices ok
What a total surprise. Love these ladies. Thank you so very much for great haircut!!!
Huge wine list. Great service.  Brunch menu is fantastic.  Love the Masa boat and the Mexican Cofee!
Amazing curry tonkatsu, add on hot spring egg for true magic
I can't speak to how the local students like this place, but 2 bars + bowling are A-OKAY by me.
My favorite everyday restaurant! Healthy, delicious and friendly staff. Changed the way I eat
Food was overpriced and order was incorrect.  Food was bland. Waitress was very good however
Great hotel. Many activities, shows, pools and restaurants. Will definitely come back
Great polish food experience! Very good from the soup to the black sausage! I could eat here weekly
Had fun at grand nephew's 1st birthday party
Always enjoy the wings, fries and beer! Great place.
I don't have a lot to say other than the best tacos I've ever had! Nice quiet place, great service!
Best vegan restaurant in Las Vegas! Come here every week! Orange chicken is the best on the menu.
Great place to live amazing staff and nice gym
Okay this place is going downhill hillFast. todays food was YUK!!!!!!!!
Friendly and just what I needed.  Great service and convenient
They will give you a "frequent diner" card if you are a regular. Good for a free cookie.
Bomb place to get 2 for 1 drinks! Look for KYLE!!!! Tell him that girl on yelp sent you! Xoxo
Une excellente qualit  pour les pains et p tisseries mais les prix sont un peu  lev s quand m me...
The best Thai in Calgary. A simple menu with plenty of choices and every dish is done well.
Went in for our 2nd visit, more people working, fast service, much better this time around!
A good variety of dishes, good service and relatively clean with friendly staff, would come again
These guys know what they are doing. Great work and the price is right!! Highly recommend
This store is doesn't have a lot of selection. Parking looks kinda dangerous at night.
Excellent food and great service. My husband and I been here several times.
Wow, they are earning their bad reputation. Four pieces of chicken in a six piece order. Really??
Who knew vegetarian pho would taste so good. Definitely a place to try when you are sick of meat.
can't help but be honest,i love this spot at the m resort,never be disappionted
Really good pizza. Stopped in a little after lunch. Prompt service and great specials!
Excellent donuts and friendly staff! Just as good as all of the other locations I've been to.
Delish!!! I ordered the chic and it was solo tasty!
Pure nastyyyyy pizza tasted like a bagel from frys!
Friendly staff and delicious food what more could you ask for! Super fast too!! We got the dim sum
Great happy hour. Jack and coke $3. Just stopped in while walking by. Good live music too
just coz its close to home, so its easy access for decent neighbor food delivery option
Really enjoyed happy hour; great food, drinks and ambience. We'll definitely be back.
Really good pulled pork sandwich.  Great place overall.
Totally disgusting overpriced caesar salad alert!
Monday Night Fotball: great food, especially the Chocolate chip cookie dough eggroll.!
Very casual and relaxing place to eat. They have the best salted caramel brownies I have ever had.
Great pizza.  An equivalent of the original in nyc.  Spinach salad is great, pizza if top notch
Very good service!  Professional, reasonable prices, clean, friendly, and fexible with schedule.
This is the best espresso in the entire metro area, at the moment.
Great service, reasonable price and really good noodles and wonton soup! Better than LA!
Honey Toast with green tea ice cream!!   nuff said :-)
The service here is always fast & the drinks are always good. I love the friendly & upbeat servers.
Great show and worth the price admission. Very talented singers and a must see for Rock n Roll fans.
great little place to get fresh Asian food , I like the service , I like there prices
Glad to see that Muscle Maker Grill is back. The food is delicious and the service is great.
C sar is amazing!  Great food great service!! I like the one downtown but this place is fantastic!
So friendly staff Portia was excellent  Food was delicious also  Great location  Clean
I got my eyebrows done and they're amazing !!! Great service and kind people !!!! Great prices!!!
Everything was great tonight. We had Gyros, and appetizers. The music and ambiance was great.
Amazing smoked meat sandwiches!  Never disappointed and never can get enough! Definitely a must try!
Had two cats sick within a week of each other. The care was great, and the price was fair.
Defianately recommend. Excellent service, great sushi. One of the top dragon rolls I've had
Managed to snag a table on the patio to enjoy some drinks. Love the tequila and beer selection.
Writing this cause I'm stuck in line in drive thru, apparently you're closed early. Thanks.
Good selection of craft brews and a knowledgeable set of bartenders to help you navigate them!
Awesome nice low income caring clinic.The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable.
This place isn't open till 2am. They close at 12. Worst place to go too if u craving asian food
Fun retro vintage atmosphere and great Pizza and Beer. Customer service is okay.
Just got my VW fixed. Professional service. Good price. Quality work. I am a very happy customer!
Great food, cozy ambience and a great owner! Ghost Pepper sauce was great! Can't say much else!
I can't believe how horrible they did. Felt so unwelcome also. No one said a word to me!!!
Delicious!! Super kind staff and speedy service. Everything on their menu is delicious.
Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish. Would not recommend to anyone.
Service was horrible food was overcooked and overpriced. Make the trip to little italy.
Really great tacos, highly enjoyable experience...recommend this place for something different.
Wonderful fresh food at great value.  Try the pho.
They have redeemed themselves! Better service this time! Great pizza!
Great food. Great, hip environment. Love.
I have been wearing Z-coils since 2004 and I love them and Lauren is amazing!!
Great spot! Always full of friendly people.   Great hiking just up the road in Squaw Run, as well!
I love their ice cream I mostly like the macadamia nut
Hot mess.  It's closing.  Thank goodness. Eew.  Enough said.
Excellente soirer service tr s bon la pintade excellente je le recommande ! Tr s belle endroit .
Awesome place! Great food and atmosphere. Come in and see Nash. He'll take good care of you.
Strange odor coming from bathroom . Other than that and the food was cold , not a bad place
Great bagels always tastes like back home. NJ style  Always like coming here service is awesome!
Very disappointing in this location. Definitely does not live up to the Denny's I know
Good vibe, good location. I suggest iced Carmel latte but they also make other great drinks.
best sushi in the east valley!  holy moly - this place is legit!
They're simply amazing especially how Brianna is now manager i love her work as a bartender
Blood Mary's are The BEST!!!  Food was really good!!! Be sure to stop by, you won't be disappointed!
came from out of state,  sat at the table for 10 min. and didn't even get seen. So we left.
The place is very nice and Original . The food is tasty and they are generous with portions.
Overpriced small sushi and short staffed causing long wait. Food wasn't anything special.
First experience here. The guacamole was awesome! I had the seafood enchilada and it was amazing!
hands down the best chinese seafood buffet - salt and pepper shrimp and kalbi short ribs
I LOOOVE this office! Dr Wurm is the best. Literally couldn't ask for a better gynecologist.
Best falafel spot!! Will be back again. Portions are huge, falafels fresh, and service is great!
Sushi is average. Service is ok. This is the closest sushi restaurant in my working area.
From a chef's point of view was not impressed, food was bland and sauce was not so good.
Clean, friendly, good prices, great homemade food. Much love to the Gyro Omelet!
Copper star has the best chai tea lattes, and they don't charge extra for soy milk.
terrible, immature and rude service.  unfortunately.  very disappointing.  food average.
Good spot, off the Strip, to catch a movie.
Wings are good, Mango Habenero is a great combination of sweet and hot. The beer is always cold
Quick accurate diagnosis at a very reasonable price! I will be returning for future computer issues.
Lola is OUTSTANDING! By far the best coffee, the best baristas, and best atmosphere on the planet.
Great job by Lisa at Best Nails!! Love my nails and design. Ask for Lisa she's great  Thanks Lisa
I trust this company with my business accounting. Service is always quick and friendly.
Great Sushi! Bring friends, Chef has over 30 years of experience! Highly recommended!
I love this mall, great shopping good parking awesome place!
Awesome Sandwhich! 17inch combo is a great deal! Very friendly staff and nice place to grab a bite.
Great blow out for event. She's super nice, in time and does a great job. Good location too.
If you want good food and not half assed service go across the street to the Town Tavern
Have been here twice.  Food is good.  Just think its a bit overpriced
Excellent food especially the desert, the chief cooks in front you! Scrumptious!
The rudest bar maid EVER, $20 ALL you can drink is only good if you like rude people....
Best coffee in Southern Nevada!  By the way the wait staff is RAD and efficient.
No jackpot hands! But nice size table room.
Best corned beef sandwiches and the wings are excellent next time I go I want to try a sub and fish
Surprisingly casual and terrific food.
The singers were great but the venue was awful. Show was a bit boring...
Really good pizza and garlic bread. The chicken alfredo is good also. Good happy hour specials.
Awesome Food. Great Service. Definitely would recommend for Authentic Indian food in a classy style
Awesome option if you want your cow to be slaughtered when you sit down & wait a day & a half
Came here with a friend she got sick with spoiled salmon. Never coming back place looks dirty..
Excellent food and good value for portion size.   Nice place. Sometimes very busy. Limited seating
great service, fast reliable, Jeff is kind and team is prompt
Good drinks, but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting, though.
We got the French toast and three eggs Benedict. They were really good! Place is also v cute
The best americano going and the edibles are great! Always good service and welcoming environment.
One of the best Afghani food I took in Toronto. The prices are lower than other same restaurants.
Cool vibe and delicious food at a good price! We went there for brunch and really enjoyed it!
So good!! O love how this place is decorated too!!! Right down the street from my house too!!!!!!
Love this restaurant ! If you're looking for good Mexican food this is definitely the place .
Came here for a birthday dinner. Wings were yummy but small. The place was nice but a bit loud.
They are NOT closed they have MOVED. See address above on Warner road now.
Always great, my favorite mexican food restaurant! Great food, great service, great margaritas!
I love Someburros! Chips and salsa! Red chili cheese crisp. Can't beat the convenience and price.
Small gym, but they have the equipment and classes to meet my needs.
Pretty weak lunch...calamari salad was tough, cheap Chinese crap, crab dip was edible
Peanut Butter Burger.  An event of world-historical importance.
Best club for hip hop.  Good DJ and decent bottle service.  Nice employees but caters to tourist.
Petit choix de menu, mais c' tait vraiment bon. C'est certain que j'y retourne.
Food was delicious! Portions were huge! Service was alright.
Delicious coffee and great atmosphere! I didn't try any food but will definitely on my next trip.
Staff was friendly, pizza was alright. Like the concept. Will try different pizza next time
Jerry was the best server!!! He was so nice. Food was excellent. The margarita flight was awesome.
They Fix everything in a timely matter, and the apartments are nice.
I love Cirque du Soleil. Mystere was fantastic show.
Great food, service, and atmosphere. The beer-fried cheese was phenomenal.
Very nice park. Clean, friendly, and scenic. Has a nice walking path and large sites.
Very unique and artful desserts. Both of us and the kids really enjoyed the wonderful creations.
Great food. Nice presentation. The place is clean. Enjoyed our lunch. Will try their dinner.
Stopped by on my way out of town. Tasty food and friendly service!! What's not to love?
Hidden gem in the north hills worth the drive! Classic barbecue and sides... great menu selections.
One of the wrost places to stay at, avoid as far as possible.
Very professional and nice group of workers. Highly recommend this Discount Tire location.
Had a couple 3 teeth pulled there. All the staff and Dr. Absolutely fantastic.
Good place to have a Canadian dessert in Old Montreal.
Dope service Nice environment Food is decent, same as every other congee place
Sorry to hear it but it was reported in the Republic that Floyd's is closing.
Great local bar with 20 beers on tap. Great selection of food! Good place to watch games too!
Was alright - nothing special... Chicken taco was blah, fish taco was eh, steak taco was good.
Orange ginger chicken was decent enough, kinda dry though. The "fried rice" was AWFUL!
Love the table side guacamole. Nice wait staff, fresh food. Prices are more than fair.
I agree with other yelpers - service sub par, space too small, ice cream itself is above average.
Just hand one of my favorite Pad Thai's from this place!  Keep up the good work.
Save your money. Terrible food and then they'll over charge your credit card.
One of our go to places when in Vegas. Food was great, service excellent as always
This mall has one of the best stores ever. G by Guess! HY
Adorable wait staff. Delicious sushi. Prices were reasonable. Will defiantly be back! :)
Was charged extra because I wanted ranch instead of mayonnaise on my sandwich. Ridiculous.
They're not renting Kayaks from their Tempe location "right now" they say.
The greatest food in Las Vegas! Daniell and Katherine make my day better!
NY strip and Diver Scallops.  Best meal ever.
Eat here a couple times a month. This trip was disappointing. Hope things are better next trip.
The best burgers in Vegas! This place is worth the long wait in line.
Place is awesome!  Food is delicious and prices are very reasonable!  Been there twice in 3 days.
Wonderful theater!  Love the atmosphere, the film selections, and the staff.
I tried the strawberry shortcake Frappciano it was good near the food court  and theater in red rock
Lemon pepper wings are so good! Best wings in PHX area!
We love it! Horst and family and staff are the best! Saurbratuen for the win!
Had my garage door fixed and couldn't have asked for better service. Job well done! Thank you.
Great lunch menu. Even better beer selection. Definitely a great choice for dinning out!
Really happy to have found this place.  Looking forward to returning and trying out their menu!
Pretzel bites not bad, beer is good, love Stella on draft, good band
Amazing! The fish sandwich is SO good, fries are amazing and soda selection is fun!
Good choice for some NY pizza, and I love that they have green chile available for a topping.
Delicious coffee, awesome artistry, nice staff, and clean place. Very cool vibes here
Original taste! We always make it here when in Vegas. Great service, small location though
The stylist was rude and trying to start an argument all the way. It was very unpleasant.
Great service!   Very professional, on time, educational, and friendly!  Would defiantly use again.
Better stocked and super deals on clearance items.  Easy returns.  Friendly, helpful staff.
Very professional, on time, and listened to what we wanted the party music to be. Highly recommend!
Great atmosphere, fantastic beer, steak melted in my mouth. Definitely worth a check out.
Improved service with excellent food.
Great food always. Best hummus in town. Priced fairly.    Comfortable and fast but always fresh.
Takes about 35 dollars to feed my fam of 3. Favorite place ever, jalapeno sausages booomb
Neat, clean and always well stocked. Staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest.
Some of the BEST ice cream I have had in a long time! Can't wait to try it this summer!
Good food in a casual location.  The carne asada fries and Dominican Yucca Nachos were great!
Best Bloody Mary's in town!! This is a must stop place. I promise, you won't be disappointed!!!!
Great drinks. Fairly authentic tacos. Get the chorizo fireballs or mofungitos and thank me later.
Small mom and pop restaurant. Never really that busy, but food is decent and priced right.
The pizza is amazing (5 stars) the dinner salad, chicken sandwich and eggplant parm. 1 star
Really good pizza and nice people. I ordered "The Cleveland." The fire-baked crust is amazing!
Really good, old school authentic food.  Very affordable and quick.  Highly recommend.
Bar went out of business without warning.   Too bad, my wife and I enjoyed this place.
Great food ! Chef Tony came personally to ensure we were happy with the food and service .
Love this store! They get great stuff in, very original clothing an good prices too.
The Chili Verde Eggs Benedict is basically to die for.  You can't go wrong eating here.
Never again--this is a chop shop--my hair has never looked so bad.
Had much fun here at this stadium watching Angels games for Spring Training 2016
This place is so tasty!  The staff is knowledgeable as well. I will definitely be back. Many times
Amazing food good service. I enjoyed my visit and loved my lunch.  Thank you souls food cafe
They did it again!  Very convenient location and the food and smoothies are just great...again!
Awsome tacos man I think the best that I have tasted in AZ so far. Will definitely go back. thanks
Love this place! Real authentic food, and quick!  I frequent this place a few times a week.
Update: they have brought back their brownie toppings. Happy me
Redeemed. Went back had great service. Always great food. A neighborhood staple.
The cachitos are great, the service is friendly and the coffee is good. Check it out.
Good breakfast served quickly, but nothing special and quite pricey - even for Vegas.
I love this place !!! Every time their food is good and the service is quick, good for a weeknight .
love this location all the employees are great and i love their reverse happy hour from 10-2!
Surprisingly good pizza. Very busy so it's usually fresh! Lots of variety in slices available.
Great old school Jewish deli!  Love the food and the staff.
excellent drunk food. mediocre sober food.   smokey the bandit is the best! (when drunk)
Best beef satay noodle soup I have ever had! It is has coconut milk in the broth. A must try!!
Love the ambiance, great food and wonderful staff... The live music makes it even more special.
This is the beeessttt Chinese cusine I have ever had in Pittsburgh. Highly recommanded!!!
Best Barbershop on the West! Great Environment..Good Vibes! Always satisfied! All barbers are great.
A really amazing place to eat some great Mexican food. It is a nice cozy restaurant with character.
Most popular lunch spots in town-Great dedicated staff-Customer oriented-Good food
Ok place for lunch. Service was good but my sandwich was cold when it was bought to my table.
THE BEST HUMMUS I've ever had!  Like ever. Fresh, healthy options. We love the catering options.
My kids love this place. The size small is more like 64oz. HUGE PORTIONS. Onion rings are Delish
Got a dozen for my coworkers and it was a hit. So good and almost all the donuts are vegan!
Appointments easy to schedule. Work completed is always professional and guaranteed.
Absolutely a hidden gem.  Thanks for the amazing food and service! Lovely wine selection!
Great food. Great ambiance. Good selection of beers, wine and liquors. Service is hit and miss.
4 stars because good for the price. Very friendly staff.
Terry Muritore is the best vet period,  staff is friendy,  efficient and professional
Good lunch with a view!! Been to Graze a dozen times or so and they never disappoint.
Great Thai food. They also have really good service and the restaurant itself is beautiful.
awesome place to eat, food is great and the atmostphere is amazing
I believe that I made this last review in error. Wrong company.
Perfect pizza. Perfect price. Loved the serving size and fountain drink. I'll be back!
The setting is very nice.The drinks were great and the food is amazing
Portions are big but worth it. Food was fantastic:) love the tzaziki sauce! Delicious
This is for Dirty Blondies...Nice place just NO one in there...Very dead
Soo good. Friendly staff. Nough said
Very decent Mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised to find this in the Stratosphere.
Great wings great service. Your average small town bar!! Enjoy my time each visit I have!!
I was blown away by the menu, my lunch and the kind people who work here.
Quick place to grab lunch and some dim sum.  Reasonably priced and pretty tasty.  Good location.
I just love costco!!! Hope one day I will work for this company!! The food court!! Yammy!!
Always good food and great service . I love the tomato soup and the burgers!! Can't go wrong here!
Won't be going back to this place anytime soon.
Folino's is no longer in business. This was also known as Tom's Diner and Penny's Diner.
Very fast service and the food is great! Came here first time to order to go. Would be back!
There was only one server butttt she was working the place big ups to her!!!!
Don't bother making an appointment at this place. They have no idea who you are upon arrival.
Food was delicious. Atmosphere was fun, upbeat, and welcoming. Very authentic French cuisine!
Love this place and the atmosphere. Workers are really friendly and the ice cream is amazing
The line was ridiculous. I waited two hours to get to the rental counter. Never again!
They have THEE BEST chicken shwarma & fatouche salad in York region!!!
The food was pretty good and the service was decent,  would definitely recommend to others
Extremely rude and lacking any customer service skills! Never coming back here
Overpriced, food is so-so, not better than in Olive Garden.
The baby back ribs were really good along with all of the sides.  Nice portions on the sides.
Love it! And my kids love it, too!  The holiday lights display begins December 10, 2010! Can't wait!
I have been coming here for years for my eyebrow waxing!   kim always does the most amazing job!
Big bathroom, comfortable bed and pillows - AC unit is hit and miss.
Yes, this place is good, my kid enjoyed making his own pizza.
Great prices on so many things!  Check back often as they get new stock all the time.
Great all vegan menu. Attentive staff and bright environment.  Very tasty.
Have an Arrogant Bastard for me, will ya?
Sadly after two trys, I left. They could not cook the pancakes right. I hate wet middles.
Jeff was very knowledgeable and friendly. Fast first class service, I'd highly recommend.
Match Bubble Tea.  I've died and gone to heaven.  A great little find in downtown Cleveland.
Fair at best S.D. not  mex food ... calli what it what it is buffet tacos. Lunch not dinnertime
Pros: - Authentic Filipino food.  Cons: - Dirty restrooms. - Not a good variety of food.
Pineapple coconut cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wow Wow Wow Muffins and donuts looked amazing.
Absolutely best brunch place in town! Only bad thing is, that it is so good, it is always crowded!
Rick has taken great care of my car the paint job is awesome and the trim work looks beautiful.
Super cool artsy decor. Awesome room clean and modern. Overall good value pricing and location.
I like their fireplaces. This is the only time I want to hang out at Caribou
My guests and I had a great time.  They will never forget itt.
Very friendly workers, yummy nachos! I recommend that you try it while you're at The D!
I highly recommend the turkey sandwich. Best turkey around. Certainly their specialty.
Hit the place for lunch almost weekly. Pho Nam says it all.
Food - ok Service - ok Menu - ok  So, it was ok, but for the overpriced pirice, I expect a lot more.
Great service and love the styles. The girls there are really helpful putting things together.
Great Happy Hour Taco's!  Two-words of advice: Queso Fundido.
Regulation Indian restaurant in the USA. Watered down food for the most part. But not bad.
Rushed service, not a lot of time or detail spent on the pedicure.
Had the Mofongo with Carne Frita and it was delicious! Loved the very calm and relaxing environment.
Great Sunday bruch buffet.  Great selection.  About average priced.
Barbecue pizza was okay, the the jicama fries were not. Not sure if I would eat here again.
Very pleased with Camelback Kia and Jason Fuhs Service Advisor. He is always willing to help.
Food is pretty good above the expectation drink is cheap place to tray is you are in this area
Stop with the Christmas tree in the chicken and waffles please. Kept it simple.
Such a laid back place where the  manager  goes the extra mile.. Went during the jazz festival..
Wow. Not good, I can't even come up with a better statement than that. The sushi wasn't fresh...
The best gelato I have ever had. An AZ favorite for sure. Super clean and lots of variety !
Best Burger in town! If u dont mind to pay a little bit more, u get good quality food.
What can I say....you must check it out. Friendly staff, great food and fun outdoor eating area.
Good food, charming ambience, but so overpriced that all of its charm can't compensate.
Staff are great, QT is the best, not their fault but too many bums. They need to hire security.
Average food, great service, average prices. Ive had better pasta at olive garden.
First time visiting and EVERYTHING we ordered was delicious. My son loved the waffle tacos!
Super helpful, quick, and understanding. Life time warranty so totally worth getting phone fixed!!!
They opened one by our house and my son loves to go there! Very clean, service has always been great
Worst experience ever. Hated how chicken kebab tasted. The side salad was what I liked the most.
I love the chicken breast sandwich! Very friendly people and family-run for 30+ years!
Service is good! Food very plain. Nothing special.  I loved the local special in the bill...
Outstanding service on the weekend all provided by Amber!! Food is great and open 24/7.
Excellent service, but the bartender didn't know what infusion meant on the HH vodka prices. :/
Fast service, great price! Will definitely return for repairs
Always helpful and fast service. Compitive pricing as well.
Good experience all around. Bought a mattress for our guest room.
BEST TACO SPOT EVER!!! I'm not even exaggerating everything here is good mulas, tacos, asada fries!!
Great Mexican food for a great price. They open late, so that's a huge plus for late night cravings!
Very fast estimate and very nice to deal with. We decided to buy new instead of repairing the old.
I do like their Al dente pasta.  Unagi don pasta sauce was excellent.
Singapore fried noodles are unbelievable. Get them extra spicy!!  Great service!  Great food!
Good sandwiches at a fair price.  Great spot for a weekday lunch.
Solid sandwiches any time of day.  Super friendly but can get very busy at lunchtime.  Order ahead.
Nothing quite like a stacked high corned beef sandwich and a bowl of Matzoh Ball soup!
Great date night spot! Great views, amazing food, all around romantic place to visit!
Facilities are tired but staff is great.  Good location and reasonable prices.
Good, but there are definitely better Mexican places in the city.
Awesome salad, pizza and cheesecake at a great price for vegas..   Great service too.
Pretty good mom and pop sandwich spot hade the pastrami sandwich every thing was fresh on there
This place is pretty good, I order them through Uber Eats. There Steakfries are super good
Fantastic bowls. The reviews are accurate this place is great the ingredients are fresh.
Po boy good // onion rings great!
Just so you know this place is closed permanently as of 5/26...note on the door suggests it was ugly
Really Nice place! Food tasted homemade and the Gelato was amazing. Try the Brie and Fig!
Best menudo from a restaurant, burritos are amazing. . . The entire menu is delicious
Great espresso, salads and paninis. Nat, the owner, treats you like family.
Great workout encouraging instructors love this studio!
Ordered through UberEats. 4 bland pieces of chicken on really oily rice. Soggy Salad. Not impressed.
This place is awesome! Clean, fun and the food is good and the staff is nice! So great!
Good Old Greasy Spoon  Food is fantastic - large portions.    Fresh and hot... love going to Zet's!
Excellent food and drinks. Pig tails were amazing.
The servers have 0 personality and the Malibu shrimp were really bad. Over priced ...
Everything I've tried so far was amazing. Will definitely recommend this place to my friends.
kendra did a fantastic job at lightening my hair. will definitely be coming frequently
It's pretty good with the 20 percent coupon  Offered on yelp.  Otherwise it's kind of expensive
Fun unique breakfast dishes!  Superior fried chicken and huge portions.  Excellent waitstaff!
juice is good.  Its a bit pricey.. but i like the place
It was ok. Nothing too special. It was really hot in there and the place was dirty. Wasn't too busy.
Best bar in the city..... Place reminds you of a 4 Dive bar!!! Sounds crazy, but it's true!!
Parfait pour des soir es en groupe. Les coktails sont immenses   boire.  bon rapport qualit  /prix
great burgers and horrible fries and great soda and great nice service.  in walmart shopping center
Great Price For Summer!  + Great lifeguards & amazing staff!  I will be visiting soon!
Dinner   Ambience: 4/5   Food: 3/5  Service: 3/5   Value: 2/5  Repeat: Unlikely
It's a beautiful space and good cocktails but like so many bars, I find it too loud.
Really good food.  Try the Chili Relleno.  Great patio day or nite.  Parking may be a little tite.
Went for lunch. Delicious, not rushed but not slow, affordable, and would totally go back.
Always amazing!!! Anytime I want a burrito I come here. Its always perfect and always so delicious.
The best baked pork buns that we've ever had and we've had lots of pork buns. Service was wonderful.
So happy I finally discovered Eadery. Lasagna, pot pie, chicken roti and kale salad are amazing.
Amazing food.. luv the drinks and the huge meatballs.. a must have... yummm excited to get stuffed
Aloha is the best! Dr Beckes & Dr Brooks are the only vets I trust with the health of my dogs.
Amazing food, attentive but not annoying waiters, easy and cosy atmosphere! Will definitely be back!
Excellent upscale RV Park by the McDowell Mountains. Very Clean facility and free breakfast everyday
Place is one of the best Theaters to see a movie staff always freindly an its always clean here
ideas some of the reviews and this people they were so right about the service GREAT PLACE!!!!
Horrible place! Sticky floors, worn furniture, and the drinks were watered down and expensive.
I have had half the menu, Love it all. Healthy and delicious.
Picked up a great deal on a vaporizer a few weeks back. The staff was friendly and helpful. Thanks!
Spicy chicken sandwich. Crispy bread. Spicy sauce. Chicken.  It's a late night winner.
very good especially the chipotle chicken salad and Cubano although that's all I've had, many times
Fun live entertainment.  Great spaghetti.  Line dancing lessons   Good and friendly service   C
Always great atmosphere and food, had 3 lbs., lobster and porterhouse.
Great place for beers and friends on weekdays. Enjoy bands on the weekends. Good selection of beers.
I had a $2 pizza it was great for the price. The server was attentive and had and excellent memory.
This place is just ahhhhhhh. Shout out to the bartender Johnny, takes care of you well and on time.
Professional, helpful experts.  Convenient location on Bloor and YUS subways with parking behind.
Good food and enjoyable dinner. We came here with a toddler and the waiter was just great!
Lovely service. Enjoyed my latte very much :)
Pretty great Mexican food for a Hotel on the strip. The cheese enchiladas were delicious!
Delicious food, and well worth the price. I loved the soup and homemade bread.
Food was really good beef was very tender and cheese was very light and tasteful highly recommend
Rude staff. I wasn't given my receipt. The buffet is always empty. Food is under cooked.
Awesome breakfast!!! Great, friendly staff.... I drove all the way from Florida just to eat here.
If you like sea food this is your thing! I got shrimp with fries, I would go back for it!
Food was very good, sevice also very good.  wife thought server was "totes adorbs ".lol
Great service & very friendly staff. Get the Arepa Benny with a Cortado to wash it down .
My mom at 89 had a heart attack the nurses doctors and staff amazing so kind and considerate
Selection and price are always amazing. I get the best and most stylish clothes at Marshalls
Definitely love what they did with the place! The lady that I had was amazing and so kind!
Great little spot. Run by real people. Recommend the arepas and ceviche.
Used to get delivery often when I lived in the area.  Samosas are quite good.
Charming new korean resto near Cote-Vertu metro. Food taste amazing and friendly service.
Drove an hour to try it out. Absolutely delicious. Only wish the burrito was bigger for the price
What a shame that they permit smoking and ruined this casino.
Food was excellent as well as customer service. Fast and friendly! Chicken marsala was incredible!
Amazzzzing! The adobada tacos are a must! Affordable. Convenient hours and location.
I want to edit this post but I ha e to leave z message. The message the message
Great bar food here. They are very accommodating and you are never rushed. Wifi is also available.
We go here for lunch about once a month. Portions are huge, their salsa is so good. Love their food.
The only reason to go here is to keep the wife in check! She loves Brighton.
Delicious ice cream, but it seems like they are ALWAYS sold out of all the good the flavors!
Kim did a great job - super friendly and excellent nail tech. Very happy with my pedicure!
Great breakfast spot, always incredibly fast.  The fresh bagels are delicious.
Very bland!! Completely unexpected and disappointing after reading all previous reviews.
Best chicken miso ramen!! Awesome service!  Very friendly :) loved the spicy pork ramen
The chocalte bana crepe was great!
Very good experience they did my nails and pedi in an hour very professional and perfect nails
$6 for two mini cheeseburger sliders and an abundant amount of freshly friend fries.
The best of everything under one roof. Friendly staff. Prime Rib Thursdays! Aged beef.
Scoop and Joy is our favorite guilty pleasure in Scottsdale. Always delicious and fresh.
awesome place for amazing cocktails.  fun vibe to hang out and enjoy.
Awsome food and drinks Jess our server was awsome. We recomend the green enchilada nachos
You want a decent meal at the MGM?  Only medium overpriced?  'wichcraft [sic] gets the job done.
Really simple order and they were way off simple fries w/ garlic Parmesan missed by a mile!!!
Grade: B+  Best steak dinner in Madison. Low prices. Keep this one a secret.
Great inviting atmosphere!  Good beer selection and food was very good.
Excellent calamari and linguini but overpriced and with terrible service.  Won't be back.
Fantastic. Worth the money ( Cirque shows are not cheap)
Absolutely amazing in every way when it comes to a child's education and their future.
All I have to say is bomb.com so worth the wait!!! Definitely a must when we are in Vegas!
Best eye doctor/office in the north valley. Great dr and staff!
Lamest Lizard on the planet  ... can't even make popcorn ... you ask them and they don't care
Disappointed in the way they changed making their nachos.  Not as good as before..
Cool bar, craft cocktails, nice vibe
Long wait but worth it.  The selection is incredible.  The Fresh Cut meat station was great
This salon is fantastic!!  Very accommodating, great service, friendly staff and priced well.
Made cheap and taste cheap. Dry and not fresh. My LEAST favorite place to get donuts.
Love this place ... A friend introduced me and it is now my GO TO place.  Yummy and great drinks
     
There outside patio is cool.  Buffalo chicken sliders are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!  10 stars!!
Food is amazing. Worth dealing with the customer service that is in need of major improvement.
Amazing food and atmosphere! Very clean and friendly! A must try! Wish there was a location by me!
Different kind of Cuisine and different way to prepare. Not a big fan though and expensive.
Carne Asada fries! Open 24hrs and never too packed! Minus 1 star cause they got no Mexican Cokes!
I had a AC valve replaced in a beater of mine. They were quick and fair with the price.
Drinks are generic and overpriced. Staff isn't polite. It's fine. Other places are better.
Great food...Atmosphere... Just had the soup of the day "Loaded Baked Potatoe" best soup ever.....
Great food and fabulous service. Sad to leave food on the plate, bit the portions are huge.
I've sold some clothes there I didn't need there nice and they have lots of cool things there.
Copier and printing department are rude, always busy for customers and do not want to work.
AMAZING SAMOSAS!!! fresh and really tasty. extremely affordable and cheap. highly recommended :) !!
My goto place whenever I crave for some wonton soup. Perfect toppings at a reasonable price.
Great atmosphere . Great cocktails , great food . Great music ....Jenae our server was amazing !
Literally THE BEST sushi place EVER . Staff is amazing, and nothing beats this place!!
Great communication in scheduling. On time, fast, and extremely reasonably priced.
So I just picked up my car... It sounds like there's a plane flying over me as I drive it... Great!
Friendly service, even at 5am. I like the fact that I can get anything on the menu, even a taco.
WHAT???!! You don't serve breakfast????  I'll be back for dinner and update my post!
Amazing poke bowls!! Not much difference in quantity between the regular and deluxe though
Amazing service, staff and dentists!!! I highly recommend this office to everyone and anyone :)
Wouldn't come here again. My nails did not cure properly and started peeling.
Very friendly, excellent service. Very accommodating to older clients. Love the massage chair
Very good burgers (big sizes not McDonald crap) Very satisfying
Great place in and out. Willing to work with me for all The work I need done. I highly recommend
they never answer the phone or even have voice mail during business hours.
They have the best Smores chocolate covered pretzelrods!! And the cupcakes are huge and delicious!
If your ever in Tempe Az this is a must. Cash only but awesome little hole in the wall restaurant.
Tony is not very friendly but he does get the job done right. I'd definitely recommend Oasis.
really good customer service only got A4 out of 5 stars because the Papa John's sign is blown out
Costume stores never fail to cheer me up even if I don't buy anything.  I so love this place!
Probably the worst bloody mary I've ever had! Didn't try the food.
Great restaurant! Good value for large portions that taste great. The service was excellent as well!
I found a dead bug in my meal...shall I say more?
Slowest service ever. Sat at our table waiting for so long ended up just having to leave.
Mar a is very nice and helpfull. Always happy and smiling
Nice place to eat and read (at least for me). Big plate of good food for not much money. Cash only.
Love love love kelly and her staff. Happy place. Great service, fair price! Go check them out!
Not  Light!  Not Skinny!  All Fat!   Loved it!   Once a monther or I would weigh 500lbs!   Loved it!
Service a t bar was lame. Service in dining-room was pleasant. Menu is nice, food is so-so.
Excellent, fast, honest, affordable service. And a nice, dog-friendly man too. Thanks again, Bill!
African American ladies new to town just call and ask for Sydney her will hook you up
I love the service  food was excellent. The cornbread, chicken everything about this place
Always someone or something wanting a hand out. This place smells in the early mornings
Extremely dissatisfied
Fresh hamburger. Not frozen. Fries made fresh too.  Kind of like in-n-out. Nice place.
Morning crew sees me everyday and they are awesome and nice!
I Am super-impressed with the beer! We got a sampler for $7,  which includes 4 small beers.
Hawaiian Airlines employees are always friendly and helpful. Pleasant to deal with.
Service here was decent, food was just average. Lots of TVs around if you want to watch a game.
The manager or owner is nice. The food is decent.
The girl in the cocktail glass was awesome. It was quite amusing overall.
Great Margaritas!!!!!!food ok...friendly service.....very loud!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was very good very loud. Very good food. Loved the pancakes and egg dishes The staff was great.
Horrible service . It's like a bother to ask them for a drink . Never coming again !!!!!!
Love this preschool! My kids have learned so much in a play based environment.
Awesome view and service.  Not too pricey for a Grandview restaurant
Clean gym, usually not a huge line for equipment. The staff was nice and really no complaints.
Great find! Awesome service and the food was fantastic! The live Brazilian music was a plus!
LOVE IT. Simple. Great food. Excellent service. We came here on our honeymoon and it was Amazing.
I liked it, was real chill and I played checkers but they said they ran out of Matcha  how
Great food,great hosts, 110% excellent service and very good ambiance.  I am definitely coming back!
This place is very good. Fresh always. Great prices. I love the chicken humus salads.
Pretty new but can feel chef's enthusiasm about the food. Great taste and decent portion.
Always a terrible line and never enough registers.  You need to really want something to wait.
Caff  latt  est excellent et ils sont magnifiques ! Tr s bon service et nourriture excellente.
Awesome Mexican food. Tacos are amazing with their different meats. Good variety on thier menu.
Highly recommend Bre if you are looking to get a balayage/ombr  done! So happy with my results.
A cool shoe store. They have knowledgable people and a good selection of running gear.
The best BBQ around!!!  Try the Pulled Pork Nachos!!!
Wonderful ice cream & gelato. Friendly vendors. Best location at the Atwater Market. Love it!
Amazing food, great ambiance and friendly excellent service. Pizza and pastas were delicious!
resurfaced my pool with mini pebble - great job and good price!
Great food. Good portions. A little pricey but good quality food and friendly staff.
Excellent pizza, Naples style! The bread of the pizza was a bit dry, but excellent overall.
Uninspired overpriced vegan food. I cannot believe they got rid of the rye bread. RIP rye bread
Excellent job. My truck looks so much better. I can once again drive it with pride. Thanks.
Best Chinese restaurant
Food was good the servings are doubled. The pancakes was massive!!! Like it will feed 2-3 people.
Interesting little place. Gotta try it at least once. I love their coleslaw.
This is great Mexican fast food. No fuss, no muss. Straightforward good food.
I absolutely love this place found a lot of lost things that I can bring back to life.
Place is original! Great food and service was good! Looking forward to our next visit!
Nice bridge to ride or walk over.  Goes to Station square from downtown.
This place has a nice feel but the American breakfast was horrible. The service was just ok
Everybody here was good help it was a good visit thanks to potter Becky Omar and dr ting
Fresh, healthy, food that is prepared fast. Couldn't get better than that!
Love this pizza!  Serious slice price so reasonable!  Service always friendly!  Great place!
Old Hotel with some recent interior updates. One major plus is full bar in hotel and good breakfast
Shows independent and foreign films but is still a corporate atmosphere.
The hula bowl with acai is fire!!!!!!!!!! I could eat that everyday multiple times a day!
Always wonderful!
Kyle N. showed up on time and did a great job. Professional service with appropriate equipment.
Amazing food. Fair prices. Fun employees. Big Pita's. This is just the facts type post.
The Hero Burger is just...amazing. Pure tasty comfort food and hooked on this.
Fastest I have ever seen! I have earned my business! Keep up the good work.
Awesome! Great Pho soup I love it. Also great atmosphere, and staff.
The people who work at this smoke shop are very friendly always a smile.
Great food and atmosphere. Helpful and attentive staff. Reasonable price, glad we stopped in.
Service was great and the kitchen was fast.  Check out the draft list for local brews.
Awesome place, I've been to Russ both times I've been, definitely will continue to go back.
Meh, They used to be better when they first opened.  I don't know why its always crowded though.
Great customer service and tacos with micheladas and margaritas. New owners are friendly. Great job!
Defines Madison's A-bar quick eats.  Unique food that tastes good for a cheap price!
One of the best shops on the west side. Go check out my boy Nodari you won't be disappointed!
$3 Quick Wash which includes the use of the self-serve heavy duty vacuum.  Yes please!
Good is out of this world!!!! The only thing somewhat disappointing was the service.
Best crust hands down! I love HH. Great deals and friendly staff!
I love their piggy dip. Their salads are great and the Baugette is to die for
Pretty tasty and better deals, the more you buy. Catch them when they are hot.
Been coming here for 5 years for brunch. Good mimosa's and a nice breakfast/brunch selection.
I love them! Every time I go in there I get excellent service! Make sure you bring your coupon!
Got my hair cut my Toby! What a relaxing and satisfying experience. I will be coming back!
Just okay. Overpriced In my opinion. Won't come back again. The signature bubble tea was okay
They make mailbox keys!!!  And quick!!!
Best Fish And Chips in Brampton!! Great portions of Fish, French Fries are to die for!!
I can't believe how poorly written my review was, I must have been high on painkillers
just opened. Great fresh juices plus their smoothies are awesome.
Amazing staff, I feel like family each time I go here! The food is fantastic as well.
The corn, fajitas, nachos fiesta and naked wings are amazing   Services was great as well
We went for the lunch special and it was delicious food at a great value. Amazing service as well!
The staff at this facility are all great to deal with.  Very helpful and super friendly.
Check out the garlic Parmesan chicken wings. The single slice and beer combo is the best value.
Great people - love my stylist Loretta - very conscientious and great attention to detail
Simple: Best, bombest, hands down los mejores mariscos in town!! Preparadas are just as good too
i come to your restaurnat and was nice feeling,
The pho here is pretty average. Good service with reasonable prices. Not the best place but will do.
Uhm. I hate it when I have a limited time for my lunch break and they get my food wrong....GRRR.
Great food, great prices, big tasty burritos, and a really nice owner. I'll definitely be back!
My daughter started going to MadTown for summer camp.  She loves it....especially Silly Steve!  :)
I love that they have a sign posted about allergies and there are no nuts available for toppings.
Exceptional food with fast service Halal. Good for family But wish for a better location
Authentic  Italiano. Romulo the Chef was awesome and very engaging. Servers were great.
Loved my cut and color from Jennifer at Top Notch. Highly recommend.
5 out of 5 taqueria. Service was quick and all the tacos (yes we tried them all) were excellent.
Large store. Organized and  clean! Not too many shoes, but found some great items :)
It's a great place to dine. Lovely ambience and awesome food. I would surely recommend this place.
This store is filled with great clothing brands and Chan Luu jewelry!
Never been impressed. The service is hit or miss, and better food can be found elsewhere.
Great food and agua frescas! Love the chicken burrito- comes with avocado no extra charge!
great restaurant! good service and one of the best steak I ever have!!!
My new favorite place!  The quinoa burger is out of this world!! Great hummus as well!!!
The service was so slow.  Starbucks needs more qualified baristas here.  The wait was way to long.
Went in here for an Americano. They were playing the new Frank Ocean, nuff said. Great coffee shop.
Good subs, quiet and very clean, service was fast and all the employees seem nice and courteous
Nothing hipper than a floating dried red chili coasting in my drink
My new favorite at the MV Grill is the Turkey Burger...best in town!!!!
Yum candied bacon! Great service. Emeril does it again!
Better than the big guys!!!Pump it in my viens
Totally creeped out by the guy at the check in desk. Complete scumbag. Will not be coming back.
Great Service!  Ken has the best salons in town.  I look forward to returning to his salon soon.
Best pizza I've had in a long time! We will def be back!!
A-maz-ing Southern Cooking.   Fantastic variety. Every day feels like Sunday dinner here.
This place is gross! AND the delivery service takes way to long. Dont WASTE YOUR TIME
Like Mexican comfort food!  Did not expect such awesome Mexican half a block from Fremont street!
I just heard that Sugar Cafe is going out of business. Sad.
Great coffee shop we stumbled upon. Great natural light, comfy seating areas and great coffee!
The chicken tacos are great. And the guacamole is homemade and very good
I got the cheddar mac and it tasted like plain noodles, not enough cheese to see or taste
Great, loved it! Has a good selection of Korean food. Sushi is average though. Great service.
i did try the cheese one and the green tea one,but i would like green tea more tasty!!!
Wimpy's Diner chain is based on the original location in Thornhill
dishonest dispatcher.  lied about having parts and wasted my day.
Best original mexican tacos in Las Vegas - does not get better then El Gordo's!
It wa nice place to eat your dinner. but it was so crowded! kabobs were so good .
Simple combination of great food, creative drinks and cozy atmosphere. Will be back a lot.
Sandwiches are unreal.   Loaded potato soup was like mashed potatoes. Which is a good thing.
Great dealership and helped us get the exact car we needed for the right price!
Best margarita I have ever had. Happy hour is great. Price is unbelievable
I have no idea how the food is. Because this restaurant has closed. Note to all future eaters.
The guys are friendly and do good work at a decent price. I'll be going back.
Very nice and helpful.  If you are balling on a budget then this is the best store to visit.
Rented some clubs for the week and wasn't disappointed.  Great service, great rates and great clubs.
Delicious I love the food here!! It's a little pricey but it's worth it. Good customer service too.
Worst service I have ever seen. Wow, please just save your time and go to the yard house!!!!
Service has gone down hill.  This place used to set the standard. Sad.  The end of an era.
Tri tip  is very good  !!!! Hot tortillas!!
Great people very nice.   Love my cut full works and never miss a hair lol!!!!! $$$$$
Needless to say, it's Dunkin Donuts???? who doesnt love Dunkin Donuts???
Food is awesome here, had the bacon waffle and scrambled eggs with cheese. Hearty portion
Good food and service.  Love the prime rib sandwich.  Moscow Mules are very tasty and refreshing.
you better go hungry this is my favorite place in Vegas usually go every time we are in town
Nothing spectacular but nothing terrible either.  A good place for a hand car wash.
This place is terrible Service 0/10 Food 0/10 Air conditioning 0/10 Price 0/10  Just skip this place
Great convenient place to grab a tea or coffee.   Washrooms are gross though. Not very clean
Food is awesome and the service is great! Really authentic Chinese food. Highly recommend!
Great friendly customer service. No complaints on pests so far. First month using this company!
They do a pretty good Houston's impersonation. Highlight is the roasted chicken.
My favorite restaurant!!! Love it! So delicious and original Indian food!!! Thx so much for owners!
Excellent burgers and cool atmosphere. In Toronto for a concert and this was a great stop
Never going back over priced burnt piece of crap with no sauce.
Great choices for gifts and cards.  A big plus is that it is unique to Charlotte!
Use to be a great little spot.  Not so much anymore.  No more $1 budlights.
Finally a multi location multi state breakfast house gets it very very right.
Very fun place with attentive and pleasant waitstaff. Good food and margaritas for sure.
Cheap and they always hock it up. 4/20 is coming up and for sure I'll be shopping there.
Great place for family and kids. Penguins and monkeys, birds and fishes.... all under the same roof.
Nice Atmosphere. Industrial look. Bartender friendly. Good pour. Live DJ. Decent drink prices.
Really friendly service, clean place, delicious. I was soooooooo pleased!!!!!!!
clean, friendly, delicious food, easy to read menu. love the truffles
Stephan did an amazing job! Would definitely recommend seeing him. He does awesome color work!!!!
The best massage I've ever had. I was able to get to a me dative state. Thank you Kathy
Love it :) All fromage Arepa or Cartina are the best :) Lots of cheeese!! love it
Best price, on time, and they get thing done. Highly recommended Adam (Tech). I will use them again.
meilleur repas que j'ai eu de ma vie tout etais exelent le service le cocktail le steak
Tasteless food. Cold rolls out of a bag. Don't need to come back.  Had such hi hopes.
Excellent service and better than Italy... the chocolate hazelnut and salted caramel were amazing!
good food, fun ambiance, cool people!  Definitely a fan
Ate here Friday night.  Good scene but everything else just ok, including service.
Margaritas were weak.   Service was slow. Food was OK, but not worth the steep prices.
From the other chinese restaurants I went to, the food is alright. Not as flavorful.
Gym is no the best I ever seen. But pool is so small and always(!!!) crowd with old people
Great food, great service, and interesting presentations! Go! Enjoy!
Neutral Cycle is great! They're extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and timely.
Yum food ... nice staff the food is everything a hidden gem  come check this place out my yelps !
Service without a smile but looking to sober up...this is your place :)
If your ever in Charlotte come here its an institute and they have PORK WINGS.
Nice, clean location. Help was accomdating and cheerful.
These guys know their stuff.  Professional staff and great location.
Brilliant portions... Great food.. Good prices ...
Pretty good and cozy Place for casual dinning.... Steak and lobster bisque soup were really great!!!
Drive through... check. Italian sausage... check. dipped... double check.
Easy to find!   Solid haircut! Great barber, and value for the money.  Highly recommend!!
The Best I've Had, Home in SD, in TJ, and here in Las Vegas.
This place has such good food and it very affordable!  Love the 50s theme and the staff is so nice!
Went in for an oil change, was in and out of there in 20 minutes! Fast and friendly service!
Nice place to have breakfast.  Generally good food and nice ambience.
The sweet and sour pork lacks flavor and didn't have enough sauce or vegetables in it
It's 63 degrees at 5:30 am - bring plenty of water
Excellent service and the Bartender rocks it with whatever you need.  Off the chain....
Best wonton soup I've had so far, and when you add noodles and bbq pork it's out of this world
Best pizza around! They use quality ingredients and bake to perfection.
Eric detailed my car and did a great job! I would do repeat business with him.
I love the spicy salmon roll! The service is quick and friendly. We come here all the time!
Great beer selection   Cute servers. Food sucks   Oh well u can't have it all i  guess
This Bridge crosses the Monongahela River near Station Square. It's Pittsburgh's oldest bridge.
Great classic cocktails, and terrific top quality small plates, this place is a gem. Love it.
The show was a fun, high energy show that is perfect for every age. She was super engaging.
Much better than your average cafe. Lots of choices, okay prices, service is good!
Had awesome service and food.!!Definitely worth the stop  The works chicken wings rock!!
Great product line and very competitive pricing, but TERRIBLE customer service.
Terrible customer service, always a mess, lack of inventory vs. styles in other stores and online.
Scallops, Truffle mac ... best flavors I've had this year.
Long wait for brunch but they text  you when seats are ready
I love their ribeye gorgonzola. Good price, beer and food.
Pretty decent quick Chinese food place. If your craving Chinese skip Panda and come here.
Every type of cheap Las Vegas junk under one roof.
Their pizza sauce is a little sweet for my tastes, but they have the best chicken in Akron!
Everything looks gorgeous and tastes great. Highly recommended for all dessert lovers.
Great place to bring your dog. For a change of pace, there are many trails around the park.
Bouchon is our favorite breakfast restaurant. The food is delicious and the service is impeccable.
The pizza is fabulous  Excellent Chicago style pizza., eat here now!
Had my brows waxed here. They did a great job! No stay hairs left over, trimmed and beautiful.
Crepes are delicious. Eggs Benedict was also good but the English muffin was hard as a rock.
great ambience ! But the food could be more authentic and healthy ... Just a thought ;)
Batshit crazy waitress, dirty tables, below average food. Stay away!  Mr. Burke, your box is scary.
Excellent service and very reasonably priced. I couldn't be happier. Thank you Se or Mist.
Awesome little shop, they have a lot of stuff in stock and they will order you what ever you need!
Really enjoyable dinner. Flank steak was wonderful. Ceviche and duck were delicious too.
Awesome joint. Great food. It was a great place to catch our breath after walking down the Strip.
Josalyn was great. The cut was extremely awesome. And the atmosphere was incredibly friendly.
My daughter loves their Steven universe shirts. A very good selection of bows and accserories
Great spot... always a spot at the bar... happy hr is awesome... being so close ibahould go more
Delicious! I love the tea from this place.. Definitely worth trying!!!
Great wash, great price. Now have a very clean vehicle. Definitely going back with my other vehicle.
Clear and big isles, very different than what I used to in Los Angeles.
Street tacos are fantastic!  Nothing fancy for a dining experience but the food makes up for it!
Great place - I personally recommend Ricky but the other stylists are very good as well.
Dry and stinky food. Nothing special or anything that separates this place from anything else
Wonderful parish, friendly people. I was from out of town and found this church on Yelp.
Cute place and delicious food, cafe con leche was amazing! Staff was great and friendly :)
Chicken tacos are average, but the nachos are pretty tasty.
Great sausages and great beer. This place is great and I really enjoy the food and the beer here.
Good healthy options.  Staff is still trying to figure a few things out but overall We like it.
Best French macarons in town, very good Gelato, nice people. Don't miss it, it is really good.
Every time I come, their shake machine is down. Wtf this is not McDonald's????? A shame.
Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
Great service, great work, cares about workmanship.  Highly recommend
Very Tasty. Good spices and super-friendly staff.  Good for a conversation or a larger group.
Wings are very different, but very good. Good addition to the east 4th strip but very pricey.
been here many times usually for late night snack. food is always tasty. lots of variety.
Flies everywhere. Food is absolutely nasty. Dirty unprofessional nasty
If you get shrimp or lobster tail, they aren't cleaned. Every one comes with a free shit vein!
I just can't get enough of this place.  Can't wait to come back.
Don't get it. The steak was great, the staff could have cared less about being there.
Ate there aug 8th good food great service from Ashley and Ashley
Very good food! Can be a bit difficult to communicate an order with the language barrier.
Great bakery.  The staff is knowledgable, the food is yummy and the service is great.
Order a Ginger Tonic as a drink. With a coconut BLT. So good.
Don't get the queso dip, it's terrible. Everything else was OK, but not as good as Cafe Rio
The beer and food deserve four stars. But the real draw to this place is there outdoor patio!
Ordered 2 breakfast raps it took 23 min to get my order and they were cold. Horrible service today.
Gross! The food was like bad school cafeteria food. Have american grille come in and make the food!
There's super cute seating upstairs and it's very spacious. The food is also very good
Best place to have a casual meeting and get work done! Staff is kind and food is amazing!
Service was good. Food was good. Drinks were delicious! I'll def. Be back.
Great coffee place, and their beans are roasted by one of the top 15 roasters in the world.
Gets busy and seats go super fast.  Excellent b-fast sammies on fantastic bagels!
Really good al pastor, make sure to add pineapple!  Try the tripa and suadero as well
Good food, had oysters then pan fried pickerel
Very cheap dog food and other essentials that are needed in my house. A great way to save money
My food was very good. The atmosphere is welcoming and modern. Had a nice time at dinner.
Delicious!!! The food was so fresh and tasty! Best noodles!!! The servers were very friendly.
Amazing recipes, friendly and educated staff, and organic ingredients! Delicious and good for you!
alwayscome for a late quick lunch alone and then everything is fast. Their fries are the best.
Great food and service. only 4stars cause of outside patio furniture was horrible and prices.
I worked here I missed working for taco el gordo take me back in the food is good I loved it
Great food, lovely tea and good service! Planning on going again soon!
All I have to say is, THE BILAL CONCERT WAS AWESOME . ( I just lost my voice)
Amazing, totally worth all the hype and the $. Happiest food coma ever, take me back there!!!
Best ramyun in Toronto personally Noodles are chewy big pieces of meat!! I come here all the time
Awesome homemade baked goods! Friendly family based business. The muffins are great, Try it out!
Good taste dessert and best view for the strip.
I've been going there for 8+ years now.  It's not what my mom makes, but it pretty good!
Recently added some nice black tables for desk working on laptops or tablets. Very handy.
Food is awesome!!! Would prefer somewhat quieter environment but the food is definitely worth it...
Mike you are the best  !!!!!!!!!!!!!  We are very happy with everything..  Sherry ,Larry Proctor
Very well designed sushi.  customer service was great and food was spectacular.
Fav place! Try their KFC and kimchi and meats. 17 dollars for lunch and 20 for dinner
One of the best places for shrimp wonton soup with noodles.. And it's cheap and great food..
Always good food and service. They now serve. Sunday brunch and I heard its wonderful.
Best pizza in the south hills hands down... Great service and friendly employees also.
Very good food and stuffs Italian panini sandwiches,salads and pizza are great
really good cocktails (Cheap during 5 a 7), excellent service.
It is just cross street of Deli Schwartz. We love their smoke meat sandwich, really delicious!
Super comme toujours. Chez Keg tout est bon de l'entr e au dessert. Et le choix de vin est excellent
Pork Had so Much meat. Food Was excellent  And there are a handful of outdoor seats.
A fun little book store with a pleasant staff.
Fat T, you gave me a $7 buzz at my arrival before noon. You are the breakfast of champions.
Been twice both times were just okay!! This place has so much potential to be great!!
Amazing halibut dinner with smashed potatoes followed with the best banana cream pie I've ever had!
Pretty awesome place. Great pools and kid friendly.
Best homemade Ice cream in this area. They have many different flavors. Highly recommended.
Sweet and Sassy Shrimp is amazing. Cmon in for the specials you won't be disappointed
My all time fav Burgers joint & love the souvlaki on a bun & home-fries!!!
over priced,and not worth waiting for if there is a long line.  very noisy and somewhat slow
Lackluster pizza at best...this is not a New York crust.  The wings were pretty good though.
First time here and overall everything was great! Space is small so wait time could be long.
Hands down best BBQ in Vegas! Prices are a tad high but the portions make up for it...
Missing Hawaii when that happens I come here great place friendly and fast service great food!
The scones are AMAZING.  Some dishes can be a little on the salty side, but overall its tasty.
Tadas Bites for $2. I wish I could do happy hour here. Go to Sushi place off the strip!
We absolutely love this place!  The food is fantastic and the treat us like family
Went back for the mani/pedi massage and was generally pleased. That is all!
They got perfect beef steak for bbq! If I come to Las Vegas it means I will be here.    
Excellent place to get a taste of the Cuban food!!!
It's Great food but a little bit expensive but it worst it I love it and every one that I send there
Best breakfast spot! The flash fried potatoes are to die for. Good vibes here , love the fun music!
Unfortunate that yelp even makes you give a one star. Save your time and burn 12 dollars instead.
Went here to purchase bridesmaids dress great customer service i would recommend this place !!!!
Just got my food and half of my order is missing. Gotta love it. Never ordering from here again.
Very cozy restaurant. Nice service, but make sure you tip. Try wellington rolls!
Not a big fan. Chipotle and Baja fresh are a lot better.
This place is wonderful. They are accommodating and kind.  Love the mani pedi.
Good food and a fun atmosphere.  The kids love sundays because they have a balloon maker.
Better than your average buffet in town.  Excellent service and for a buffet, pretty good!!
The boba drinks here are great! Very clean inside and quick service! They also have a stamp card!
Great concept and really good food. Had the duck dish it was delightful.
Four women came and they did an awesome job!  They erased all of the evidence that I have cats!
Great food and great service!  Enjoy this neighborhood restaurant.  Thanks!
Pizza was good, service was terrible. Still looking for best Italian Pizza in the city.
took my family there last weekend for breakfast. it was amazing. a little pricey but very good.
Our favorite Sunday lunch place.  Great place for watching sports and the food never disappoints!
When in customer service you shouldn't curse at your customers. I just hung up. How terrible.
We loved Travis! He has such a straight hand and does an amazing job with the tattoos!!
I really like this place. Cajun cut is amazing and good portions. One of my favorites!!!
Beautiful park!! right next to BB&T Ballpark
Ordered, semi busy, been a half hour and still haven recipe, received wrong order. Avoid
very bad service , very rude , never recommend anyone to that place ever !!
Tried out a new place and loved it! This color is #493 and perfect for getting into summer mode
Angela was great. Cheerful great attitude and awesome stylist. Lots of positive energy
Best Eggs Benedict ever! Super friendly staff with great service and a nice patio up front.
It was okay, everything average, but prices a touch too high for just okay.
So good...feels like your in Hawaii n food is amazing
Great service, friendly, and most of all, honest!  Small business owner.  Highly recommend.
Excellent food. Economical. English speaking waiters/service
DELICIOUS!!! Everything is farm-fresh and homemade!!  Have the mango jam!!!!  Highly recommend here!
Ripoff, pure and simple. Outrageous price quote.Far beyond all previous estimates.Stay away !
Great Food and Great Atmosphere!!!  They also have a lot of TV's to watch your favorite games!
Place is closed. What a shame...loved the food and atmosphere. Wondering why it closed
A bit pricey but waffles are good. Chicken was ok. I like the waffle with butter and syrup.
The macarons from yum bakery are just horrible!  The worst macarons I have ever had in my life!
Great store for hardware. Purchased a ceiling fan for half the price at at a major retail store.
good subs, the sauces are awesome! they have so many to choose from, it makes the sub!
Good service, average pizza, horrible garlic bread.
Great bar, great craft drinks and amazing staff! Awesome happy hour, with great djs at night
10 stalls, and I've never seen it completely full. Lots to do in Town Square while you wait.
The wings were very good and Contessa and Taylor were awesome definitely gave the place a good vibe
Should have stuck with original take on this place. Met the owner. He's a clown. Steer clear.
Brought iPhone in for screen replacement. Fast, friendly, and looks great. Will use again.
Al pastor and carnita tacos are great! I'm a big fan of the complementary chipotle salsal!
Great food for the price. Service is excellent. Breakfast is their specialty.
I will literally drive 8 hours down from Reno just to eat here. The best Greek food I've ever had!!
I can always count on FBD for breakfast or lunch.  Great food & great prices.
Tacos were lit son, bless up! Eat here every Friday, cash me outside. Speaking of, it's cash only.
Heather was very helpful and friendly. Lots of frames to choose from. Very happy with my visit!
This is another place I go for the iced tea more than food. Their passion iced tea is so great!
Great boot camp class taught by Eric. Christophe at the front desk: good customer service.
Amazing! JUST like the Manhatten location!
The steak from this place is amazing and the margaritas are strong and delicious.
Omg all i have to say is get the mac n' cheese pizza. (Mic just dropped)
Team of professionals with great bedside manner! They really care about their patients!!
EXCELLENT customer service and such friendly employees!
Great interior, very good food, if a bit heavy. Good for entertaining folks.
Great customer service and friendly. Food looks great. First time having hotpot, and it taste great!
.......
the staff are needlessly rude and the bouncers are total meatheads, but the sound system is good.
Checked in 2 hours prior to departure time and still received last boarding position.
Pros:  - Open late  Cons:  - Poor Service - Small portion sizes - Over Priced for sub par flavor
Dim Sum from Yum Cha to take Tea tasty morsels of Pork & Shrimp back to the Silk Road!
Great service and food. Nice atmosphere for brunch. Chicken and waffle sandwich was excellent.
Great place to go for beauty supplies, the staff is knowledgeable and very helpful, prices are good
They need to change the drab carpet. CNN at gates 5/6
Live music, good drinks and a nice patio this Reposado Bar was adventurous and cool.
Steve Laramee did my oil change and did an amazing job!
Awesome tacos, Quesadillas etc...  A must stop if going downtown (from the strip).
Pool and gym are awesome. Make sure you have a fob because that place is like fort Knox if you don't
Love this place. Cool setting watching them make your ice cream. The sorbet is delicious.
Great service. Lemon drop was amazing. Food was ok. Price was too high.
Staff was great...food was average at best.  Not much more to say...
They never have anything I really want in this place. How is this possible?
Great food and service. Had the mini chimis and taquito appetizers which were delicious.
Good food. Very nice place to go with friends. Always a long wait. Ok service
Great coffee!  I ordered a skinny cafe latte and it was delicious!  The bagels are fresh as well.
They have the double cup say no more. They are ahead of the curve in Vegas. I'm in love.
The place is very cool. The nacho were yummy and the beers were cold. Would go back for sure.
I only go here cause k.lark put my sticker on the wall. Also I have the 3rd place score in Pacman.
Amazing sushi! Always fresh! Friendly staff. All around an amazing experience every time I come!
I don't like buffet's But this is up there as far as Vegas Buffet's go
Spent 45 waiting for a club sandwich and they only brought out 1 half. This was total epic fail
Fiscal Fitness has literally changed our lives and truly took the stress out of money.
Amazing food for a great price. Lingua, shrimp, ribs you want it they've basically got it.
Great Service .......yummy pizza and calzones!!!  This pizzeria ROCKS!!!
Grear atmosphere and grest food. Great family experience totally recommend Krazy Sushi!
Delicious isle of the Greek sandwich and potato salad. Very nice place to sit and eat.
Get Three Little Pigs - Best sandwich I've ever had!  Couldn't stop smiling while I ate it.
These were the greatest garlic knots ever thanks to Danny. Shelley the manager was very helpful!
Calamari too salty. Rib eye steak is with too many grain and too chewey. Veal is not bad.
Great diner breakfast HUGE portions good coffee. We will be back
Looks like if you write a neg-- review it gets filtered.Sorry Yelp but it is what it is.
Great place, great prices and better people! Leticia is easily the best part of the bar.
Always great!  I had the lobster and filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection.  Good atmosphere.
Close to home, good food, good drinks and a place to chill on whatever day of the week!!:)
Love to come here for the fries and shakes! Delicious and quick, friendly service.
I'm very happy with Dr Patel. He actually listens to and talks to patients! What a concept.
DEEP FRIED PICKLES. Vanilla milkshake. Open late.  Shitty service. Gross salads. Long waits.
Accidentally came here. My husband and I were amazed by their delicious dumplings! Will visit again.
Love this place..John is the man u want to deal with ..he knows his shit..he ROCKS.. real talk...
BEST PLACE EVER! I've been 3 times and it is the most amazingest thing ever! U must try it!
Been here two hrs, no food. Service is perfectly awful. Manager is terrible. Never going NLG back!!
Awful awfully bad service closed 40 minutes early!!!  I hope they go bankrupt as they deserve!
Super cheap drinks n there NOT weak. No table games. Great place to people watch. Always crowded.
The "all you can eat" is pretty much a borderline scam at $13pp for lunch.  I won't be back
Service was really bad. And food was worse. Only thing we ate was the queso. Main dish was horrific
good stuff!!  Go done the menu and try different items. Customer service is okay but they're quick.
Jovanny was awesome from start to finish!! Thank you!! Great atmosphere and the best salsa ever!!
Professional, personable service, excellent work.
Only sushi place I will eat at. Fish is always fresh. Mark's roll is one of my favorites.
Amazing Bloody Mary's!
Great service at Happy Valley Nails & Spa today! Now I'm relaxed and ready for Valentine's Day!
Absolutely my favorite by far. Love the sesame seed bagels and blueberry or pumpkin spice spread!
Horrible people. They don't even send emails. No notifications about selling your storage. Thieves
Great authentic Chinese food, staff is very friendly and helpful. We are regulars here.
Yummmmmmmmmmm! This place is super good!
Great logo at a great price, was prompt and easy to work with.
A little pricey for what I got. The souvlaki wrap was short on meat and a little dry.
Why bother?  So many "real food " options at the same price.  Come on people get a life
Club sandwich was amazing. Fresh wheat bread real ham turkey and great bacon. Would highly recommend
Dolce is the only place i will get a facial ... their staff Is friendly and knowledgeable!
Rock solid dinner for families in the Regent neighborhood. I like their margaritas a lot!
Eli was on time and extremely professional . If you want it done right call United Garage Door.
Very small portions for the price. No sauce was put on the bowl or on the side. Food was good.
Such a beautiful park! CLEAN! SHADE! SPLASH POND! Def a great place for the kids & family. Love it!
Excellent place for breakfast. The pancakes r enormous! I had the biscuits & gravy. Delicious.
We love it here. Great food, great specials, and great service. :) Our favorite local casual bar.
Most authentic Lao &Thai food in Las Vegas , not to mention , the friendliest
Love their lunch specials! Especially the curry!
Service slow, crepes served ice cold as were our eggs and bagel. Best thing here was the coffee.
Been here several times.  Friendly staff. Great service.  Food is overpriced and meh.
C'est acceptable, mais pas exceptionnelle. Dejeuner correct. La poutine dejeuner est interessante!
No taste. Rude customer service, very abrupt. The noodles tastes like plastic, chicken was o-K.
The green tea crepe is delicious.  Plus they paint some flowers on the plates.  Beautiful
Food is amazing and david the sushi chef is hysterical funny and fun
I loooooovvvvveeeeee this place. Amazing food, amazing staff, amazing atmosphere.
Great customer service! Reasonable prices and quick turnover!! I will definitely be coming back!!!
I ordered the cauliflower steak and it was unbelievably salty!  Definitely do not recommend.
Nope. Don't go. Overrated overpriced. Super long waits and the biscuits are terrible.
Amazing office with friendly staff! I will definitely be back when it is renewal time again!
I got a gel mani & pedi by Kathy.  I LOVE them they came out perfect and she worked extremely fast!
Good food- friendly help- clean, tide, hometown place. Self help counter for sauces and soda
Horrible food. Wretched  service. Vastly overpriced. I would rather starve than eat here again.
The cappuccinos here are smooth and delicious. I love the atmosphere and the simplicity of the menu.
Delicious.  Well spiced, big portions, very satisfying.
short and sweet.   due to my diabetes, i can't really eat donuts. i just love DD's coffee.
Definitely one of the best farmers' markets in the U.S., period.
Cool, interactive museum. Stopped here on a whim and glad I did.
       
All my food came out fresh and it taste extremely good!!! I highly recommend this place.
Went to wine fest here! It was a great time, lots of vendors and people. Lines moved pretty quick.
Great deal! Professional and friendly service! Buying a car made easy! Thanks Mike Harris and Yogi!
Bianca is 5 Star. Door men are great. Dancers are okay.
Burgers are aaaaamaaaazinggg!  And love the chocolate custard on a cake cone it's to die for!!!!!
This campus is beautiful! Grab a book, learn something!
The chicken and waffles were on point tonight delicious flavorful light and fluffy the chicken bomb
It was a nice bar with a great mix of people. Food was good, only had some appetizers.
New store and one of the better Ross's around. Everythin is organized for a change and is clean :)
Bon, c'est pas le meilleur Ramen que je connaisse.
Great local place. Excellent burgers, sandwiches and sodas.
Village in kicks ass all over Dennys. I won't eat at Dennys ever again if I can find a village in.
Tasty food but they overly charged for delivery even when ur really close to the restaurant...
dinner was AMAZING!  Nothing else to say.  See the pics.
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fun casual night in Ballantyne!
Always good predictable service and food.
Excelente atenci n de parte de anyoly y los mejores precios recomendados al 100%
The food is tasty but it is way overpriced for what you get. Definitely not worth the cost
Great pizza, different from the rest!   Great drinks and service will make you want to go back!!!
Great place for breakfast (bacon, eggs, potatoes, etc.).  Excellent service.
Favourite Korean restaurant in town. a+ for their pork bone soup which I get every visit.
Had a great Saturday brunch with friends sitting outside. Good food, service, coffee and mgmt.
Found off yelp. Very close to hotel. Delicious salsa and great atmosphere! Love the name too!
Pretty good bar food. Service sucked. Rank amateurs.
My Buddy Chris shoves  me your Grub and I lick my fingers all Thanks For your Business... Good Grub
Over $320 for a color and blow-dry. I think not.  NOT impressed.
Jay did an excellent job on cleaning our area rugs. We will definitely be a repeat customer.
Great food, I am a jiimmy guy but I am starting to like them more and more every time I eat there
Smudges does an awesome job! The owner is also such a fun and energetic woman! I highly recommend!
Prices are good. Service is slow. I have waited 45 minutes to talk with someone. Place is run down.
sandwiches and panini gril... nuff said
A must try. Line is long but so worth it. The meat is so tender. And the toppings are fresh.
Great place for some great Italian food-  Service is prompt and menu has a lot of choices.
I'm upgrading to five stars. Loren went above and beyond to solve my nonprofit tax issues.
Great service from Edward! Informative and fair pricing! Family business over 30 years.
Food is quite decent, just not a-m-a-z-i-n-g. I like it.
Three Spirits. Three years in. Still just as awesome. If you haven't been, quit playing.
Great bang for the buck. Had veggie thali and salty yogurt.
Three of us had the steak frite - fantastic!  Reasonable prices and a great meal.
Not much to talk about, who hasn't been to walmart, we all know what to expect!
Amazing all u can eat sushi but wish the staff was little nicer otherwise it's amazing
Great chicken  hot sauce is actually hot. 6 dollars swarm including tax love this place
Great sandwiches, quick service.   Consider wider selection of chips.
Great people and repair!!! Highly recommend! Quick and prices are good! Lots of items for $5
Great atmosphere, original and well-crafted cocktails and concoctions, smart staff. Give it a whirl.
Excellent service in a very contemporary office with a lot of newer technology to assist patients.
In-n-out   Smashburger   Fatburger  'nuff said
Everything was great! Great service and good atmosphere. I would come back here in a heart beat.
love the in-n-out.  fast service, consistently good burgers, fries and milkshake are good prices.
I absolutely love this place! Only $2 cash for an amazing ice cream sandwich! Delicious!
I got the boneless wings which were obviously frozen.  Freaking Terrible!
Had my brows done today. Fallon was great and I love the final product. Love the shop!
2 things make this a place to go: Josh and Kobe Sliders. Check it, you will not be disappointed.
Good place. Affordable. The employees are very nice. They're very prompt with tire repair.
Meetup spot of all the enlightened glalactics in town. Best vegan spot in town hands down.
They've picked it up...
Worst customer service ever!!!  Avoid this store if at all possible!
We received GREAT massages from Phillip and another female. They were professional. Recommend 100%
The burger was pretty delicious, but the prices are on the expensive side. The service was great!
Food and sangria are both delicious! Cajun chicken pasta and ros  sangria are wonderful!
I live in NY, my cousin brought me here and these were by far the best wings I've ever had.
By far the best dry chilli chicken I ever had. The appetizer calamari is fantastic too.
Quality of pita bread is fresh and yummy. Great quality healthy food. Fast and fresh every time.
The fried rice and lo mein is always fresh. Last week I had the beef and broccoli, it was delicious.
friendly people and delicious food, super satisfied!!
Over priced crappy bar food, blahhh! That was horrible, i dont feel good already!
Def lives up to its hype! Fresh and delicious! So good! Interesting flavours to choose from!
The best hoagies and the sauce they put on them.Wow.pizza is awesome.My new favorite place.
Perhaps there's a new chef?  Chilli lime is gone and there are other noticeable changes.
Worst customer service you'll ever find in any industry, anywhere.  Terrible.  Go anywhere else.
Great good, big menu, lots of options for non sushi eaters like my husband. Portions were large.
Good quality food. Great infusion on Asian and Mexican cuisine. Definitely will be back.
Great paninis. Lasagna like an Italian restaurant. Nice clean place w very friendly workers.
Great service, best real estate agents in Toronto. Very knowledgeable of the market.
Farrens has stepped it up. I haven't been denied a carry out in a long time.
They are open late. Pizza I had there was decent...hot and crispy. Fairly sparse menu.
Great service, great store, classic clothing.  Love, love, love!
Excellent!!!! Huge portions for great price! Seriously good Mexican food, we will be back!
So professional and friendly! I've tried other wax places and this one is by far the best.
Don't not notice the student special! I missed a free drink :'(  Delicious veggie burrito though!
Super great food , try the crispy shrimp in spicy cream sauce, yum yum in my tum tum !
Friendly bar, people, good fair priced food and all the Football Games all weekend long!!!
This place has the best curry I've ever had with good prices. 5 stars, they earned all of them.
This place is a hidden gem! Great food and awesome drinks! Not to mention happy hour is from 11-7!
Pork belly, is amazing here, atmosphere is pretty cool too! Great for a quick happy hour cocktail.
Reasonably priced, modern and spacious room with a HUGE tub! Great convenient location as well.
This is our favorite place to stay in Vegas. Great food clean rooms staff is always helpful
Our whole family loves this place and the lovely family that owns it! SEEN YOU TOMORROW! Good food
Had the Lump Crab Cocktail , 7oz Filet and the Brussels Sprouts .  OMgosh  absolutely delicious :))
You guys aren't going to get your money. I need to speak to a case manager as soon as possible.
Steaks are super thin and salty. Absolutely ripoff meal.
Amazing service and steak! Great aged meat.
Great quality, great flavor, great price and a different way to dine. Well done on all fronts
Filthy. My dog got kennel cough there and they denied it.  Never go there.  Terrible terrible vet.
The sushi is always fresh & they offer a great selection. Excellent specialty rolls & drinks.
the regular order is good for 3 ppl..  lots of varieties and they taste good.  Good staff too.
Best wings in town... Suicide is the hottest I have ever had in Brampton!!
+ great veal sandwiches + good menu variety - service is a tad slow  Recommended: Veal Sandwich
Been coming here for years!!  Wonderful friendly place ... Ahmad and Philip are the best :)
Ahhh it's nice to have a homey, cheap neighbourhood taco joint.
The quesadilla is to die for!  All of the different ingredients make for an amazing flavor.
2 years later and Mimi still is making my nails look amazing!  I love SNS nails and I love Mimi!
Great place!! My Dad and Uncle loved the lamb chops. Red beans and rice were magnificent!!
Usually well stocked, busy.  Only down side is long line to check out
Quick friendly service, food was great, lots of variety. Price was comparable to most restaurants.
Great. Loved every part of our experience with Dr. Guerra.
The absolute worst customer service. I highly recommend spending your money someone else.
Dont go even if they offer you free tickets...this show is incredibly bad...and the jokes are worse.
Surprisingly good food. From the name we didn't expect this variety. Best smoothie ever!
Bland and overpriced. Not sure why the ratings for this place is high, food was terrible.
great place! HUGE! but great place
Great service good food philly roll not the best but everything else good and good portion size
The best breakfast place in town.great food ,outstanding coffee,cozy atmosphere.
Long wait times at electronics department. Don't go during their lunch hours nor nearing 5 pm.
this dominos is actually cool I had a issue with my order and they took care it no problem :)
Very fast service and a free music CD to boot. Definitely recommend this place.
Excellent place to unwind !!!!  The Golden Tiki - best in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
This place has absolutely no sense of urgency. It shouldn't take a half an hour to get 5 balloons.
My new favorite place, great food, cold beer and great service. The "D cor" is outstanding.
My wife and I went to try this place out and the food was great!  Service was fast and friendly.
Excellent customer service. Prompt and efficient installation. Would highly recommend.
The 5 star here just cuz I had the most spectacular!
Fantastic food, friendly service.  We had the chile Verde entree and the soft tacos. Very popular!
Beautiful property in a beautiful location. Friendly staff and wonderful accommodations
I just saw mold in their ice box across the counter. Too much flies along with the dead flies.
Sophie our server was great, food is fast and good we like this spot for a quiet Sunday brunch
Only here getting cheap gas.  The location isn't really big as I think there are only 8 pumps.
I can never get sick of Faleys. Amazing food, prices are reasonable and the service is the best!
Thae quality is really good but the portion of the food for the price a customer pays is really sad.
Great food and very nice people. The pho noodle soup is awesome! I recommend this place.
Great experience!!! I highly recommend the Tomago Sushimi!! Sweet egg always hits the spot
excellent service; clean and bright simple decor; very tasty dishes
Overpriced food. Every plate has three bites and cost at least $16. Definitely a no no
Was so much fun. Definitely worth the $30ish. Our bartender was Cheryl and she was soo fun!
Sushi is average quality. Have tasted higher quality in my days but overall good for AYCE.
Convenient location and friendly staff.  Free bag of goodies after cleaning.  I love this place!
               
Amazing, delicious, healthy vegan dishes! Happy to have stopped here on our way back home.
Great bar open and friendly. A definite for Pittsburg. Yes its a gay bar but it don't matter here.
Great sushi, ambiance and out of this world Grilled Brancino with carrot puree. Highly recommended.
Best flare (or regular) bar on the strip. Bartenders have as much fun as guests. They pour generous!
Great Bar*B*Q, the charcoal smell from the parking lot just draws you in. Resistance is futile.
drive up window and five $$ pizza best idea ever! And they hire the nicest kids ever!!!
Food and entertainment were excellent!!!  Will definitely go again.  Price was very reasonable.
I love it! it has the best pizza for the price. The best place to eat Pizza blanca white pie.
One of the best cold brews in the valley of the sun.  Quick tip: Cartel is next to gate C11.  Enjoy!
Very happy to say carpets and more backed their product and took care of my issues thanks so much
High priced, average at best food, and poor service don't add up to a good dining experience.
Great place awesome atmosphere and they have specialty Saturday nights with different themes.
not very good but the egg pancake is arite the service is horrible tho :(
If you're a single person dining alone, expect your server to ignore you.  The food is fine.
Great frittata and buckwheat pancakes.  Highly recommended.  Nice decor. Prompt service.
Very friendly staff.  Fast service.   Tastes great.  And bonus 10% off by checking in
Great place to get the BEST extension hair!  Always helpful and fun!!!!  Thank you Hair Shop!!!!
Best chili cheeseburger in charlotte! Friendly staff. Onion rings were great as well.
I love their Express lunch. you get so much food for a good price.
great service. Really good chaat. Was exactly what we needed as a quick break during the day.
Best Carne Asada tacos in PA! The corn tortillas are really good. The staff was really friendly.
Took my pup here to get groomed and they did an awesome job! Tucker came out looking great
Best nice dinner deal in Vegas! Yummy, affordable, and with great portions.
Open early. Airconditioned. Dark. Divey. $2 drinks...works for me!
Doesn't get much better. Granted, it's a pretty new stadium with all the latest amenities.
Great!  Cute atmosphere and courteous staff.
Try their French strawberry crepe, it's amazing! Their lattes are great too -- love this place!
Best ice cream. Most recently tried Nutella & banana and strawberry & coconut. TO DIE FOR!!
Very clean and organized Dollar Tree location...one of the nicest in the Valley. Staff is friendly.
Excellent Coffee!! My Latte was incredibly smooth and the ambiance was very relaxing.
This is a great Rio Salado campus that offers GED prep and English Language classes for adults!
Amazing food, super convenient and reasonably priced. Of your looking to save time this is it.
Great place for kids, women, and men!  All the stylist do a great job.  Good prices, too!
Quality, service, taste and interior  Everything is excellent :) I want to come here again
Great service and people.  I think his name was Timothy.  He was very nice and knowledgeable.
Really nice date atmosphere great food and an upscale clientele. You'll be alright here.
Amazing Tapas! the drinks were yummy...the atmosphere was great...a hidden gem in Las vegas!
Excellent food and friendly staff!! We needed this real Italian restaurant in North Scottsdale!!!
Pokey Stix! Nuff said.
Love this place! The staff is extremely friendly and the food is creative and fantastic.
Awesome fresh food. Great clean place. Friendly staff. Will definitely be on my short list.
Amazing honeymoon dinner and exceptional service! I would recommend the scallops!
Massive menu!!!  Ate here yesterday for their pre-opening and everything was amazing!
This is one of my favorite donut spots. The Boston cream cronut is amazing!
Drive thru is for KFC only..huh? I don't get ot. The fish was pretty gross, food was cold
I was here for a business meeting at about 8:30 at night. It was nice and quiet.
They took away the best amenity, the compressed air. That was the main reason i went there.
Love the tropical cleanse smoothie. All made to order. FRESH!! Friendly and sweet owners!
Wow one of the best breakfast in town. An the service WOW! Highly recommend this place.
Great authentic Mexican cuisine. Real Mexican Coca Cola. Great Tacos.
Best ice cream (Kawartha) and huge scoops...what more could you ask for in an ice cream place?
I really liked the idea of this. First pass is 3 stars, but need to go back.
Boba was great   new place. Very clean.  Very goid matcha float and lucky charm ice cream
Wonderful food ad service. All the staff was very friendly. Our  server Luis was awesome.
Awesome topping combo's on the Bruschetta board and panini's are killer!
The service and food were top-notch. The fattouch was out of this world. I can't wait to go back!
These guys have the best borek in town. They also have the halal beef borek which is awesome.
This place is for take-out only beside the supermarket. Food and prices are reasonable.
Eaten here twice on this trip, this time lunch. Both meals where great as was the service
I just love our room! Got an upgrade for a lux suite! 20dollar trick works!!
Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)
The froyo there was good. Wish they carried moochi and had more tart flavors. I really like tart.
It's an alright bar with great wings. Karaoke night there is awful on Sundays.
While Calabria Italian Kitchen & Deli is at this location the Grocery portion has been CLOSED.
Great Salon and great service..  Special thanks to Marquel my hairstyle she is amazing ..
greasy pizza, terrible service- like having to yell at the server to come over when its not busy.
Great bbq but only reason I didn't give it a five star is their need for better sauces
Loved the pancakes for brunch. Yes loved them . Nice place, good service.
Pretty much the standard for pizza in Las Vegas..
Ehh. Ok. Cool views from outside
Clean, quiet, decent, free breakfast and not overly priced
some discounts are really worth... had the large veg topping pizza... awesome
Great food! Better than bellagio buffet. Lots of options. We loved it!
Sandy is amazing! The best in town! The color selection and music are always on point!
Very inefficient crew. Still in line after 17 minutes and have yet to make it to the register
The place for anything Porsche.  Great service, prices and expertise.
My favorite spot in AZ for ja jang myun. The noodles are soooo good and the sauce is on point!
Just amazing. The hot dogs, polish sausage and the italian beef.
really dig ravy. soup/wrap combo for $12 is as good as you get in this area.
Great place! and Bartender Kristina (i think) is awesome.
Stop by gate C12 at PHX for real espresso drinks pulled by real baristas. Great beans for home too!
Really good just wish it wasn't located inside smokey casinos
Good service but everything was too salty!!! Maybe the house potatoes need to be less seasoned
Three of us shared a Large Big Bad Wolf pizza - the best I've had in years! We will be back!!
Friendly service from Chris. No wait, nice haircut for my son, at an affordable price.
FOGO or NOGO! wise words i read in a yelp review here.  best steakhouse i
Dr. Marino and his staff are top notch. I would highly recommend them to anyone in need of help.
Brianna rocks. Great food. Bottomless everything. The pricky pear lemonade is awesome.
The food was very good   BUT   Half way through our salad, our entree arrived. Felt very rushed.
We enjoy both the food and the serivce.  Fairly large bar area.  No Smoking is nice too.
Not one employee seemed like they wanted to be there. Probably should rethink their career choices
The best in town fair prices .los mejores en Las Vegas y los precios son justos se los recomiendo
Really good pho. Fast service, clean. Will come here next time I feel like pho again.
I love Ageless Forever and recommend Dr. Pierce and his team to everyone I meet
Great burgers and fries. The desserts are incredible as well. Taylor was a pleasure to deal with
Always here for brunch, and love the yakitori salad, grilled skewers set and miso black cod.
Absolutely one if my favorites in Phoenix! It's a tradition to make a stop when I come visit.
Best curry place in town, clean and nice siting. Great place to take someone out, prices right.
It's no Cajun Queen...
Worst party supply place ever. Service is so slow, and they practically have nothing.
For how busy they were at 7:45 on a Friday morning, I was out of there relatively quickly.
Just bad service all around. The people that run the VIP service are basically scam artists
Hands down the best sushi burritos in town. Chips and cheese are amazing. Highly recommended.
Great coffee, friendly staff, plus you get a chocolate covered espresso bean with every cup!
3.5 stars, had the cheeseburger, not bad. Fresh Frys, good tasting iced tea. Interesting location.
One time my friend ate a ton of salt here and barfed all over the place.
Really disappointed after hearing how incredible it's supposed to be. Very bland and too soggy.
I freaking loooooove this Place... Come let your tummy enjoy this food...  Chocolate M. Thunder ~
We had Nutella latte and pumpkin spice latte,both are delicious! What a gem on the strip!
The food was really and the beef was good quality. Our server nana and jayden were super welcoming!
Awesome sushi!! Great ambience..nice place to come after work and have a drink and fresh food!!
Wonderful! The service here was amazing and my warm kale salad with trout was delicious.
This is so far the best viet Thai Indian food in downtown Toronto that I've tried so far!
Great massage! Nice friendly people and great atmosphere!  Already booked my next appointment.
Great place. Friendly bartenders. Doorman is shady. Other than that
This buffet is better than anything I've ever tasted!!!! Their chicken tikka masala is to die for.
Good beer - good wine - great food (pizza's are decent).  Nice place to hang out!
2 Words: Breakfast Buzz.
3rd time here... Arrive early for better quality if produce! :)
it was ok.  Got my gas and the people were a little rude.  But... it IS a gas station.
Friendly service and great Lattes. This Starbucks is consistently awesome!
drinks only so far, this bartender knows what he is doing. I will be back for the food....
I could write a lot here but others have already said it. Delicious food. Horrid wait staff.
No hassle in an out very little waiting. And the staff was very professional and courteous..
Nelly was fantastic waitress, food was great, beer was cold! I will definitely come back!
Their endless oysters Monday is great if you are a oysters lover. 45/person is still a good price.
Very delicious tom yum shrimp!!!!!!! And Pad!! Love the environment and server! Five star!!!!
I had such a positive experience at Chapman Collision. They had excellent customer service!
Good affordable and nice atmosphere.   Small neighborhood type restaurant.
I highly recommend getting the falafel at this place, it is one of the tastiest i have ever had.
Great service great food.  Love this chain and I normally don't like chains.
So sad to hear that they've closed their doors. We really liked this place. Good luck guys!
Terrible food. The Shawarma was falling apart and they didn't add in the sauce in my wrap. Wtf
Beautiful Hotel/Casino. Ambiance is great and customer service is superb.
Best deal for a burger and shake. Friendly staff, nice hotel. Can't wait to come back.
Awesome food, good service, and reasonably priced. Only regret not trying the chuvi duvi.
Got some sandwiches and pasta dishes, everything was delicious & the prices weren't bad!
SLOW!!!!  Only one cook and one register.   Couldn't make it through line and wait in 20 minutes
I did a take out order and the staff was really friendly, sushi was great too. :)
Convenient, next to UNLV.  Great Calzones and Pizza.  Definitely will be back.
So good. Little diner vibe with great, affordable food. Try the eggs with corned beef hash.
Great stop today with hubby Ordered lamb sandwich without bread and lamb flair was outstanding
Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!
Their food is by far the best Mexican food in Vegas ... The pastor, lengua and asada are amazing!
Very clean and organized place. Food is served fast and the teas here are very good.
It's a nice gym. Come here if you want hot yoga because they don't use the AC here, like at alllll
An Irish pub that plays club music.  Interesting.  Fun enough!
Great service! Arrived within the scheduled time frame. Work was completed quickly. Thank you!!!
These people were good to me and good to my Dogo. Helpful and kind.
2 1/2 hours for a simple xray is unacceptable.  Make appointments for customers please.
Good food and great service.  Nothing spectacular.
Worst Mexican food I have ever tasted.  The waitress was rude.
Food ? Meh.... Service ? Horrible. Server Karen RUDE & MISERABLE as hell. Bad day or just a bitch ?
Super fast service, and key fobs work excellent. HIGHLY RECOMMEND these guys.
Love to start of the day from here , very nice tasty . Lovely worker, wake me up for the working
Postino is delicious, reasonably priced and fun.  The only bummer is they don't have a full bar.
Love this place! Ashley is awesome! Great atmosphere, lots of beers on draft. Nacos are excellent!
Grilled beef burger was honesty the best damn burger I have ever had. Can't even describe it!
G hooked up my hot & dirty martini custom made! Rodney was a phenomenal waiter!! Awesome place!
Been here a couple of times now, And yes, I'm a fan. Good food and great service.
The tuna sandwich and the bruschetta were fantastic. The cucumber lemonade was unreal.
Great food, attentive staff and competitive prices. Well worth a try!
Great lobby and glass art sculptures.
Don't go here- i waited 30 min and walked out on Abel the therapist who is ANYTHING BUT A CAREGIVER.
Nice menu selection and friendly well trained staff make for a pleasant dining experience.
Not bad for the price. Centrally located in the strip. A long walk to the parking lot to the rooms.
My favorite sandwich place!!! Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite!!!! Love this place!
Food was alright, a touch on the pricey side. Service was top-notch though.
my favofite combination: spaghetti, vodka sauce, sirloin, mushrooms, & sun dried tomatoes.
Food totally wrong, smart ass chick behind counter offered me a cup for asking for sauces
Tasty pizza with interesting toppings on a great chewy crust.
Phenomenal. The soup, the filet au poivre, the wine, and the service were beyond comparison.
rude management & wasteful. I'd go to the location in cave creek.
The food at this Panda suck and they are suppose to close at 10:00 pm but they shut down at 9:30.
Amazing pork bone soup
Comfortable and relaxed atmosphere even at busy at times. Orders have been done nice.
Hands down the best coffee in the airport!!! It's btwn gate C11-C17
Had a great burger, chips and peach margherita there yesterday! Would highly recommend for lunch.
Great date, had a good night here.  Very entertaining, worth the money. :)
2 jack asses making our sandwiches is all I remember about this experience.
Closed! it would seem they did not pay their rent and the AZ center locked them out
NY strip ($28) done to perfection and worth it! Enuff said.
Thanks Scott for being an entertaining and fun server... definitely coming back... thanks again
Amazing hummus platter and lamb shank. byob. Small restaurant. Definitely make reservations.
Amazing store with an awesome selection! Really wish there was one closer to me in Southern CA.
Even the Chinese buffet in Chadron, Nebraska was better than this. Don't even be tempted.
Great food and cool atmosphere. Would recommend. Still haven't tried the ramen dishes. On our list.
Ronnie rules... Great Service, awesome beverages and made this stop perfect. #mydude..
Lovely ambience and food.  Also relatively inexpensive.
Great deli. Great staff. Great food. Where do they get their bagels from? They're the best!
Good food, good ambiance .... love that they cook it for us,  love their green tea ice cream, yummmm
As always the pizza and service is excellent. Meat pizza and Pomodoro exceeded expectations! Yum
Had a large group, 30+. Great pesto. Bad acoustics. Very accommodating for allergies in the group.
Franchement d licieux et le service est g nial.
Simply the BEST!!...there fast & customer service rocks!!...would recommend to anyone!
burgers are great just like any other IN-N-Out but this location is very crowded
Tried the mango & chocolate ice cream!!! It was simply delicious and the service was very friendly.
Highly recommend , Very detailed, comfort , Informative . I definitely will come back again .
Over hyped! Great decor, service is great, food selection ok, actual food ok. Would I go back? No.
Japannese crepe style heaven! Just right amount of sweetness with salty taste. A must have
P.S. Albert, if the hotel isn't full , we would love to get invitations to stay here .
A disappointing electronics store for its size.  Maybe the Baseline Fry's is better.
Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere
I love my "Charlie Brown" Christmas tree I bought from Rudolph's. 2nd year in a row!!!
thanks for updating the chairs. Makes a big difference!
I loved the results! Very gentle nice touch...
Great spot. Great guys. Appointments during Mon-Fri is best.
Great food and service.  Have only been for lunch.  Fantastic pizza and good selections of starters.
Consistent service throughout the years. Good coffee. No complaints.
Great place for natural skin products! I also bought the cutest small succulents today.
Nice local bakery. Not everything is made by them but a lot of stuff is. I love their canolis.
We love this place for brunch. Everyone is kind, it's clean and the food is fresh and delicious.
Awesome place to eat!  Service was just as good as the food!  I would eat there everyday if I could!
This place is one of Toronto's rare treasures. Stop by for a sandwich that will blow your mind.
Great variety of shops; however, not a big fan of them putting those kiosks in.
Peter was great!!!!!! He took his time and did a great job. The whole staff was very friendly too
Just average in my opinion but I would not repeat to be sincere.
Lousy service, the food was mehhh, and my stomach was very unhappy after eating there.
Good food, new look to the place and new menu. Got to try garlic butter shrimp!
Nice little restaurant in the neighborhood. Sushi and sashimi are passable. Average food quality.
I luv my service. Friendly environment. Very efficient just luv overall of my mani and pedi
Awesome food, beautiful venue , great staff must try when in town . Great sea food and king crab .
Terrible coffee, brutal customer service, this neighbourhood needs a decent coffee shop!
What a nice little find. Small cute and great food. We went for breakfast and it was delicious
Our favorite Italian place in vegas... never disappointed, always too stuffed when we're leaving!
Great location and friendly staff! Located inside the MGM Grand
Best sandwich I've ever had! Great pricing!!! Love this place!!
It was good. My Thai friends liked it so I guess it's close to authentic.
I love Michael Angelo cakes. I bought the popcorn cake. It was beautiful
The staff is so rude, I never go to this tim hortons just because of the it.
It's IN N OUT, you can't go wrong. Great food, great service.
Great food as always! Our server was attentive making sure our drinks were replenished.
Love this place. Food is great and the portions are enorous. I keep going back anc back.
They did such a great job on my carpet!  I recommend them to everyone who asks!
My personal favorite place to go for a special treat!  Love the brunch!
New owner took over in April, much better, laid back, good prices and friendly staff..
The cupcakes are good, the service was great I just think $40 for 12 cupcakes is a little much!
Good food, nice view of Bellagio, the best place to hang out when the sun is out.
The HOT new club in Vegas-- located inside the Bellagio.  Nuff said.
Food and service are so good. The music is so loud that I kind of don't want to come back. :(
Meh. The food here is okay. This is your average and typical Italian place.
Dinner   Ambience: 4/5   Food: 4/5  Service: 3.5/5 (Friendly) Value: 3/5  Repeat: Likley
Very good smoked meat and roast beef sandwiches! Good fix if you are craving Swartz's!
A new fav!  Yummy, innovative vegan food in a beautiful space in central Old Montreal.
Doing a impromptu function and Ben at Canes completely hooked me up and helped us with our function.
Service is amazing here. Everyone is friendly! Thank you Bambi for the extra care you provided us.
I was just charged $25 for COLD pizza!!! Manager didn't even care. Papa Johns it is from now on!!!
Interesting store!! Super cheap with some designer brands. Got a pair of men's pants for $10!!!
Great food every time and the best service from Chris as well...  our brunch spot Sunday funday!
Great food. Huge portions. The spiciness was perfect (medium) and the waiter was great!
Piling on, it is good. Chhesecurds be great! Elbow to Elbow sucks but it is Mad city downtown
Veggie burger isn't vegan despite what the staff will tell you. Great fries though.
Large portions, low prices, and speedy service. Oh, and there's Tina
You will not find better pizza in Vegas than Metro, in my opinion.
Favorite movie theater in the country.  No Joke.
Chanel did a wonderful job on my nails! I love them! She has great attention to detail. Thank you!!
Great Pad Thai Country Style lots of  sauce and great flavor. The Summer rolls were also a big hit
100% the best hot dogs and Mac n cheese I've had in Pittsburgh. Actually anywhere. Soooo good.
Location and ambiance sucks, but you can't beat the prices for some good quality prime rib!
Combo Pan Roast FTW!!! Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas, hands down.
Awesome - cute, cheap, great food. Fresh tacos, burritos, etc. in the Arts Factory building.
Brisket Tacos are killer!!! Potato wedges are amazing!!! All in all an amazing BBQ place!!!
The Chili Relleno! That and black bean soup - alone are worth the trip to Streetsville.
Good local pub, excellent prices
The gold standard in Pittsburgh. Under-rated white pizza.
This place is a real hidden gem! Everything on the menu is super delicious! The service is amazing!
New Favorite spot in PHX!! Everything is great
First visit today after moving to this area and was very impressed!
Great Dentist and staff, always knowledgeable and helpful. Tanya & TJ are very gentle hygienists.
Have been coming here for many years, NEVER disappointed! Recommend the DIMSUM....BEST IN TOWN!
Friendly service. This place is great. There food is always fresh and cooked in a timely manner.
Absolute best in downtown if your looking for healthy food on the run. Great salads and sandwiches
The had the best annual parties. the best one was the prom at rom . I wish they still did this!
Crapola all teenagers screwed my order up it was a bread bowl. The soup goes in the bowl.
cute, good service, nice patio, bring lots of money
Kenny's Gournet Burgers is awesome!  Delicious food, great ambiance and nice looking servers.
Live music, good food, great location. I'll definitely be coming back!
Wow, this place takes first place in Chinese food in North Scottsdale... the food is great.
Extremely ghetto and overflowing with hood rats. Go to Target across the street if you can.
Extremely well prepared asian cuisine. Neither greasy or too spicy. Will eat there again!
Food was great. Friendly staff. Dinning area could have been quieter, or had background music.
Service was great as well as the food! Definitely recommend this place! Try the house fried rice!
Everything you'd expect from an LGO restaurant. Did not dissapoint. Fresh and we'll executed.
They're a bit pricy but the drinks were really good. I had the iced tea and a vanilla late.
Tasty sandwiches, salads( Cobb salad, Yum!)and burgers. Good selection of wines at good prices.
Awesome every time.  Just get in line and get a sammich.  Trust me..
Great for casual/business dinners, must buy the charcuterie platter.
yum food is good pb an j burger addicting lil costly but yum
Just a horrible experience with this horrible company. Never flying this airline again.
Still the best buffet in Vegas. The place looks modern and the food is consistently good.
The LOUDEST restaurant in the Bellagio! If you want to hear your date or spouse do NOT eat here!
The poke bowl was fantastic! A lot of food given the price. A real new gem in Pittsburgh!!!
Thoroughly love this place! Friendly and informative staff. Juices are always fresh and delicious.
Great business.  Great owner.   Highly satisfied with the outcome.  Thanks again!
Accommodating staff with great bar snacks and a great atmosphere. Good for larger parties
Bagels in New York Are supposed to be the best. Wrong!  Frenchies makes 'em.
I really like this bowling alley. Friendly staff, decent food and affordable bowling.
Kids love it  Good burgers and shakes Staff is super nice and they cater to kids
Close by and gas is affordable than the cross street chevron. It convenient its close by
One great Caf  Mocha.  Clean facility and fast service. Great surprise in such a large town.  :)
North is my favorite spot for a relaxed dinner. Make sure to try the Julietta!
Good selection of beer I hadn't tried.  $5 pints (Wednesday).  What more is there to say?
Horrible, absolutely one of the worst places we've eaten at. No matter, it has now closed down.
is this place still in business? as I called today and got disconnected recording?
Always seems to be an utter lack of urgency to move things along to get people on their way.
I grow up in Asia and this is the only Japanese place I eat at. Good food. Good service.
Omg the the messed up my order and when I asked them to fix it they got an attitude smfh!!
The best place to buy a vita spa the sales people are very knowledgeable and helpful.
Food is excellent, service is supper friendly, the lady makes me feel like home:)
Very nice restaurant. Good food, nice atmosphere.
Thanks once again Yelp AND the establishment for not removing this place due to closure (4/6/15).
Absolutely horrible....rude waitress, glasses were dirty, and the food was very plain.
Worst tropical smoothie ever! Don't ever go through the drive through you will waste your time!
Panda Express is god compared to this place. Grossssssssssss
Pleasant atmosphere and excellent hard working staff ! Best food I have had all year .
They have Non-dairy options! Awesome atmosphere and nice people, I want to go there more.
Our favorite restaurant, we go every chance we get. The food is amazing and the staff is delightful!
By far the best omakase I've ever had. Period!! The Uni was so fresh I could see the spikes moving.
my go-to midnight snack craving place. Also offera a good selection of bakeries
It's vegetarian and you will get a lot of thing with a good price. I would definitely recommend
Best sushi in town! Always fresh and great customer service:) Asakusa roll is my fave!
Very good! Great service great atmosphere, definitely recommend!!!!!!
I went back. The service is horrible. Do not bother waiting unless you want cold food.
Fantastic!   Wonderful experience. Knowledgeable waiter, kind and patient.  Must go for tea.
Dr. Chad Hansen was amazingly great!  I highly recommend this office with the best care and staff
C'est Starbucks. C'est tout.
Very delicious! Like in Thailand - highly recommend for authentic food.
Very good selection of mylar balloons.  Very helpful, patient, not pushy or overselling.
We had the Pad Thai w/ shrimp & chicken; possibly the tastiest thing I ever ate in my life!
Great food try to get there several times a month.  Today the navaho taco was 1/2 the usual size
The bison burger and sweet potato fries were great, and the staff was kind and courteous.
Excellent service and food at a very inexpensive cost. Highly recommend this location.
Excellent service! Orlando was friendly, attentive and efficient! I will definitely be returning!
Excellent service and attention to detail to go along with great food and a cozy ambiance.
Teresa is the best!! I drive all the way from the east side just to get my nails done with her!!
Amazing food! Can't stop talking about it!! Will definitely go back next time we're in Las Vegas.
Belle ambiance! J'ai ador  la nourriture. Il ne faut pas se fier aux commentaires, super exp rience!
Really great sushi, great service. The place is a total hole in the wall but worth the wait.
I go out of my way to go to QT for any gas station need....
Food was ok but got food poisoning and ruined my trip. I would be very weary of the seafood.
A secret gem off the path. Delicious and quite reasonably priced.
Favourite restaurant of all time. By far. Even vegetarians would love this place, great salad bar.
very nice restaurant.. we were a group of 10.. good food.. good drinks.. decent prices.
If you like any song from tony hawks pro skater then come during karaoke night fo sho #bammargera
Much needed attraction for kids in the Las Vegas area. Very interactive. So much fun.
Always good food and good enough service. They have good lunch deals also
We had an amazing dinner, NY strips, salad and mashed potatoes! So delicious, two thumbs up!!
This is a great sandwich place, good selection, and tastes yummy.  Decor fine and prices ok.
Love anywhere by the campus. Wish this place was even bigger. Good wings, good price.
3am sandwich run after playing Craps for hours, perfect! Reuben, mac and cheese -- great options!
Amazing as always!  Love this place, quiet and delicious food with wonderful service.
Excellent, fresh food! Had soup, quiche and sweet fresh fruit. Lots of selections on the menu too.
Always have a great time at rebar. Love the mac and cheese. Great drink specials. Love sunday funday
Really great authenticate food. Great service,  varied prices but well it. Something for everyone.
Great food, friendly staff, very reasonable prices and helping a cause. One of my best finds!!!
Good location for me but there is a seriously grumpy cashier there. Walk over to Safeway instead.
Ok, let's be serious, it is THE place to eat in Montr al ! Great food, ambiance and Fun.
UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP as of APRIL 2017  This place has really cleaned up and has a better menu.
as good as it gets, pure and simple, great service too, at a bufft
Comfortable like an old pair of slippers, and well worth dealing with the Willy street construction.
Slow service but good food.....   dining area is really small
one of the best taco shops I've ever come across. anxious to come back and try some more!
Excellent friendly service... Fair price for selling or pawning items. Easy process also
James did an awsome job he is very talented. Fast worker. I would come back every time I'm in Vegas.
The country fried steak skillet was perfect hangover food! The banana muffins are amazing
Sophisticated ambience away from the noise. Great food and drinks during a happy hour break.
Love the fish tacos!  Had a chimi and it was really good, too.  Good prices and clean.
I always enjoy the coffee here and is a nice spot on the corner.
Not worth the price. They make you wait longer and short you on the number of wings.
I circled around the whole building. There is no office on that address.    Wasted my time.
The best matzo. Makes it okay that Lou & Hy's is gone.
it's a starbucks. there's 6 of them in walking distance of this one. what more can you say?
Delicious. Gotta get some more here soon. I feel empty without em. The wasabi ones are killer.
Large outside mall with the usual chain stores.  Several of the restaurant spaces are now vacant.
One great Caf  Mocha.  Clean facility and fast service. Great surprise in such a large town.  :)
Awesome stuff - especially the cajun fries!  Great service and fun atmosphere.
Nothing spectacular.. wasn't impressed and the food was average. No plans on returning
Stunning - But then again I'm biased as far as this hotel goes....
Raspados are so good, I come here a lot when I'm in the area.
The burgers and the fries here are soooo good. I'm literally going back to Vegas to eat here again.
Zoo Gala was great.  Good food and beverage options.  Well worth it and a good fundraiser.
Dinner was terrific. The baked Tilapia was fantastic! Service was excellent. Will absolutely return.
The door greeter Maria is a dumb old bitch and needs to retire already! Poor customer service!
Dr. Brandt is amazing. He fits me in on short notice and always adjusts for instant relief.
I love this place! Green tea with mango is absolutely fantastic! Great cupcakes and atmosphere.
I Would like to give ANA A big SHOUT OUT! her services just amazing. Will see you soon :)
The mushroom salad was great as was the pizza. Good service. We plan to go back to try more dishes.
Thank you Lisa C for being our server. You are one of the outstanding waitress to us. Thank you.
Good price! Delicious food! Yummy boba! Games to play with friends! Free wifi!
This place is excellent! Exactly what I was looking for and awesome customer service!!!
Got a same day appointment and TLC for my sick boxer. Very wam and caring staff!
Stopped by twice on my latest trip to Vegas.  Still as good as ever!
Classic! Love this place. Home town owners with several locations. Food is soooo yummy.
Great neighborhood gym with plenty of equipment. Very clean and friendly.
This place is excellent. Great service and even better food. The whipped cauliflower is incredible!
Impressed! Amazing drinks delicious food! Don't skip the appetizers or the cocktails here.
0 star. Not a good experience with Ali. Was not worth what I paid for! Definitely not going back!
Lunch was great! Good portions. HOT and yummy food. Laid back vibe. Serve breakfast at lunch.
These folks are always the best. They fixed my hot water tank and my refrigerator. I will be back.
shitty quality, frankly overpriced the corsage fell apart pretty much on contact
ate the turkey burger for the first time....amazing!!!!!! best i ever had ;)
Nice place but messy food. Good quality but not cheap.
Pepperoni and garlic toppings is all you need with this delicious sauce and cheese on the pizza!
LOVE THIS PLACE. It's our weekend brunch spot. Please go check it out. You won't regret it!
Great food and great service plus open till 4am! I'll let the picture tell you how yummy it is !
Worth going the staffs very helpful love this local Mesa bar!
Great food and service! I'm in love with their chicken skewers :-p
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Cute little place. Iced green tea latte was tasty. Good place to study. WiFi available.
Non capisco come possiamo chiamare ste "pizze" napoletane ! Napoli sta piangendo.
Great place, good atmosphere. Love the selections. Pancakes are amazing.
Real good bagel.  Not what I expected when I walked in but the bagels were sweet and good
Love it. Never had a sub part experience. Always good service. Half price lunch. Wooo love it.
Came here for my bachelorette party!  A+  Had a great time, good job guys:)
Ayce, amazing! Dead Dragon and Magic Mountain were awesome
Great food for the price!! Prime rib rocks, and Thursday nights is all you can eat steak!!!
The good wasn't good plus messed up my kids order!! Sorry to say but employee seem so dumb!!
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
Best pizza I had in Arizona. More like Chicago-style pizza unlike others.
Freaking yummy Vegan burgers. My fave server is Krista.
Great tacos!  Great people! A must to try when you're in Beechview. Love, love, love!
Old money vegas feel.  very upscale and clean. didnt stay but am sure it would be nice.
The Best!! Hands down!  Great taste, great service.  Love the names of the desserts...so cool!
Huge menu with great food  Had the matzo ball soup and the smoked meat sandwich.  Good stuff
These got rid of super lice for us.  I recommend calling them at the first sign of lice
DE-LIC-IOUS!! As far as Indian food goes - this place is as good as it gets!
A little over priced but WAY GOOD!! Truly a top notch, quality meal. Best pancakes around
Loved the food and the service. ... sejal was very good server too!
Just got my bedroom set, looks great, very happy with service and delivery. Good job guys Thanks
Amazing selections -- Good for a sea food lover
Wow! Great show, you really brought back some memories.  I enjoyed every minute!
Service was good, food was delicious, I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Toronto!
Never had anything from here that I didn't like. Friendly staff. Amazing zucchini! Must try!
Awesome place for a leisurely meal.  Price is a little steep but very impressive and tasty.
Great food, but poor, unfriendly, rude service. We love the cookies, lemon bars, sandwiches.
We went there at our anniversary day. It is really great. Excellent services and Excellent foods.
Beautiful modern hotel. Gorgeous well priced rooms
This place is authentic and food is great! Definitely a great place for sandwiches and desserts.
Good food and fast service.  Call ahead and place your order because they do get busy.
I am glad I came to this place, she did an excellent job and very painless on the brow threading
Great Hotel. Love it
Best Steamies and fries in the city.  If your in the east end, no reason not to drop in.
Mike Drain is a great sounding board, reliable and the lawyer you want on your side.
Chicken was amazing, hit the spot, he owner is super friendly... defiantly coming back here
Wonderful desserts! Glad we stopped in! Excited about visiting the new so Cal location
Can I do less than zero stars? Patrick at this bike shop is an unprofessional prick.d
mmmmmmmmmmmmm
Wonderful. Guinness, great pizza, doesn't get any better than that. Highly recommend.
Over rated, over priced. Smallest sashimi slices I've ever had in any sushi restaurant in my life.
food was good, waiter was a bit odd but great place to come after seeing Michael Jackson One Show..
No bueno
I love their carne asada fries! Champurrado was delicious and portions are great!
Delicious food and wonderfully service! Try the panama curry! Pad seew is also great!
Excellent service, this was my first time using his services - he's earned a customer for life.
Savory Pies are on point.Tasty and Fresh. Can't beat the  happy hour. Pies and beer perfect combo.
Great company!  Great rates!  Professional  and effective service!  Thank you Dunamis!
Good food and owner is true believer in hospitality!
This school is the bees knees- they really prepared me for an audio career
Food suck, pancake very soft lot lot of oil service is friendly so 1 star for that.
A pretty good airport restaurant. The mushrooms by themself are worth four stars. Very good service.
Best Fish and Chips in town, This is our local spot with great beers on tap.
Do not come here...huge rip off.  50 dollars cover and the girls are terrible.  Total tourist trap.
Horrible  Go to burger king instead....is that bad.
Great bar. Lots of tv's for sports. Fantastic Steaks!
I have been going here for years. I love the "Hong Kong" style pan fried crispy noodles!
Could not recommend this place more great service nice clinic definitely give them a visit!
Mediocre "waffles." It's getting worse as the years go by.
Best pizza in Buckeye!!! Hand tossed, great sauce!! Very good selection of beer on tap!!
Right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the Dining Commons.
Nicely done brunch. Interesting food and reasonably priced. Friendly service staff...
Love the sweet potato fries. The sliders are really fun. I heard the whisky selection is great.
Eh. It's Chinese fast food. Satisfied the late night craving. They were nice at drive thru.
perfect dinner, good waiter and delicious food, will go there again.
Great atmosphere! Very small bar, but it's a great place to pre-game before dinner :)
very nice place for meeting friends Beautiful services. Wonderful tasting.coming for dinner
Good family oriented resort. Great pool, slides, and free kayak rental. Room is nice and clean.
Sean is amazing.  I've worked with a number of trainers and he is the best, hands down.
Absolutely the best, if it has wheels Dino and his team will find a was to make it awesome.
The Property maintenance is tooo bad not even responding for any emergencies issues in time.
Lunch is mediocre here, so don't make my mistake. Go for dinner.
Live music, good service, no rushing, awesome food... Need I say more? Sign me up any day!
Place is amazing! Best Korean BBQ in town! Ester was awesome!! Service was definitely the best!
Definitely the best around!! Sesame chicken always done to perfection. And super fast service.
Mediocre BBQ ribs, good brisket. Ribs tasted parboiled and had no flavor. Sides were bland.
The Asian slaw is awesome. Food is pretty good, but service is sometimes hit or miss.
Had a great time, I enjoyed the whoke thing, specially the performers. Props to the break dancer.
Should be closed down. Service is better at Acme Grocery store.
Best Japanese/sushi place in Toronto. A little expensive, but worth every penny.
Great job for the price. Left sofa with a bit of excess water.  But def recommend. Will use again!!
Come for happy hour and stay for dinner. Amazing food, service, atmosphere and unique!
Great local hangout!!! Excellent place to watch all sporting events.. Must do for St Paddy's day!
Friendly staff very good food and deserts  Only problem they are to busy  Which means fresh food
Awesome speciality sandwhiches. The mac and cheese panini is the best. Friendly staff and fresh food
Fast delivery, nice and hot, decent this pizza, nive on phone and delivery
I thought Hometown buffet was bad, oh was I wrong.  The worst buffet yet for me.
Black green apple tea is beyond delicious. The perfect pick me up! Order with super light sugar.
Best little tacos in town! Friendly staff and cute ambiance.  Big outdoor patio. Love it!
Nice indoor strip mall with a Urban outfitters Ice bar and Fat Tuesday's
Spare yourself the lack of customer service and human decency and go to another CVS.
Awesome experience, if you like hookah and tasty hand crafted cocktails you've found a gem.
awwwh..... droool... tuna sandwich was awesome!
They put it together right. Sausage and meatball bake was a pleasant surprise, great buffalo wings.
I waited 25 minutes for my drink. Horrible service. Bad & worst experience at a Bdubs.
Okay place nice selection of beers on tap. Decent amount of TVs. Average food selection.
Fast & efficient service, great staff. Very personable location. Highly recommended!
Je recommande. Bon menu, bonne nourriture. Nous  tions 3 couples et tous  tions tr s satisfaits.
Came here for lunch with my siblings! Awesome food, great Server RODNEY WAS AMAZING!!
C' tait un superbe repas.  Excellent  Service tout  tait propre.  Je reviendrais s rement.
3 out of 5!  great authentic korean food; order mandu dumplings and the beef stew (so yum!)
Nice place for gaming. Good vibe & music and fun people with professional staff.
GF ProteinHouse Pancakes taste just like homemade only fluffier, great texture too, delicious!!!!
Did the $100 kaiseki tasting menu. 10 courses. Amazing. Must order a few days in advance.
Simply great! Delicious food,  fresh with lots of options. Everyone is nice and friendly.
Halo Halo , snowflakes, smoothies and more  Fun new delicious spot! Great service with a smile
great burgers, juicy, messy, tasty, but its a crowded little unwelcoming space, get it to go.
Thank you so much dr caster and Laura for everything you guys have took my pain away :) !!
Good clean cuts for a decent price. I paid 22.60 for a haircut and line. Ask for Amid!
The slaw and duck are very very good. the oyster ceaser was not. Overall a great place to go.
loved it. Very fun for the kids. But a bit too dark inside.
Came here with my family last week, food was great, service was ok. will definitely come back again.
Food is really flavorful! The service is a little slow, but most of the time it is worth the wait!!
Great food, Really great Cook, feels like I'm back home in the 808. Love it here, preferred Cash
Great atmosphere, and a good place to study. Id recommend you stick to beverages and desserts.
Everything from El Polo Loco is not very tasteful to me. Food you can make your own at home. #Basic
Amazing  food very friendly staff and the  hurricane  is  super strong. .oooooo lord!!!
Michele Hunter is very professional office is a beautiful space Not to mention the best injector
Yuck & $11.25 and four small shrimp..Skip this kids. Not even close to Chipotle quality.
Update *** I emailed customer service as they indicated, but received no response.
Super cheap, awesome perks rewards system, constant deals going on, and nice employees.
The chicken parm sandwich is incredible. The bread is crusty outside and soft inside! I'll be back!
Pork bone soup for the price is one of the best.  I can't say I order anything else here.
GO FOR BRUNCH!  crispy pork belly benedict and unlimited mimosas.....ya...let that marinate.
Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia! Great service, food and staff.
Ruth's Chris is terrific in every way.  Service, steaks and ambiance were outstanding.
My favorite buffet. Lots of variety! More on the expensive side but very well worth it!
Cheap food cheap and cold and plentiful beer, and good baseball, whats not to like !!?
Great little find in Streetsville.   Great atmosphere, especially during a football (soccer) game.
Really sucks for the price. They are trying to pass off cheap roast beef as prime rib!
Good food, excellent service, and reasonable portion sizes (not too much, not too little).
Portions suck here which is why it's hard to justify going back or giving it a good rating.
this is good mustard but it has gone way far up in price recently and I stopped using it
Great perfume and cologne. And the packaging is so creative.  The grind and shine is my favorite!
Not a good store for customer service at all. Very rude staff.
The food and service was delicious!! The waiters are awesome. Highly recommend this place!!!
Good clean pours... Great nachos
Great late nite bite for Vegas!
Good hangar steak, fritters are great.
Service was good. Food not so good. Eggs Benedict was without any taste. Waffle was ok.
Food too salty, lack of seating space, airport alarm frequently goes off
It was alright for a buffet. A bit crowded. Lots of food selection with a few tasty choices.
Highly recommend! You will receive the best care ever! We are so thankful for Dr. Jacofsky.
Fantastic steak!!! Best I have ever had, and had and had. Great service, fantastic price.
John is the best barista! She always has a smile on his face and always makes me feel welcome!
i love this company!, Customer Service is  literally the BEST in the Biz.   Saw great shows!
Mediocre, nothing special, but still enjoyed getting my mani pedi recommend for a regular place.
The long lines are worth the wait. Stellar ice cream in Montreal.
I have to say its a good lunch spot and good pricing. Always busy and the Mac & Cheese is great!
Fun. Clean. Great ice. :) love the Happy Camper! Can't wait to try the mint Oreo custard.
Not a good experience appetizer took 30 minutes and 12 wings was going to take an hour and a half
$10 All you can eat Lip Smacking Indian Buffet, What else do you need!!
Fresh oysters, interesting design -liked open kitchen concept.  Definitely not 5 stars ...
Great service and great dr!  Thanks guys. My back feels much better. Continued alignment is key.
i always make time to stop by this foot spa when in town.
Excellent place with friendly people!!  Love grabbing a cold beer on a hot day there!
Amazing Service! Saira is amazing, you are getting a great quality of service here.
Great pasta dishes! The pizzas are very beautiful and unique..I will try the breakfast one next:)
Took excellent care of daughter who was hurt in a soccer game.  Thank you for your awesome help.
Best. Baba. In. Cleveland.  Hands-down. Delish. I'm there at least once a week getting takeout.
Best teas in Vegas, & the food is tasty especially the monkey balls and the musubi's are on point
Best place that I've sat down at in Las Vegas where the food is actually worth the money!
Great new location!
Good portions and good prices.  Ordered the Yellow Curry with rice and Seafood Noodles.
Very friendly grocery. Only draw back is no credit cards only debit cards.
STAY AWAY....unless you want to take part in a celebration of douchery.
First time to Indonesian food, interesting experience, food is ok, nothing too surprising
One of the better showmars in town the service is good food always comes out hot fresh and fast
Love the selection! Plus the staff is always helpful and friendly.
Still the best lunch place in the area. Fresh, tasty, good quality food at reasonable prices.
It was pizza.  Noting that stood out that was great, but it wasn't bad either.
Great food, wonderful ambience, and nice owners! I'm even using them for the company holiday lunch!
I love their brunch, ribs and Mac & cheese! sooo good...
Great Indian buffet. Delicious vegetarian dishes, especially the one with Cauliflower.
I love their soba noodles and especially the yuzu ice cream with pop candy!
The is a nice neighborhood Harris Teeter.  It is never super busy, and it is quite large in size.
A must stop (or drive thru) whenever we hit LV! Best burger around!
Torta Cubana is a treat! So are the tacos and the natural beverages are great. A must try!
Used to be good not sure what's going on lately but the staff seems short handed and uninterested.
Awesome!  I'm from Los Angeles and it taste just like Tommy's.  The chili chesse burger is delicious
Cute, cozy, and yummy! So glad I saw this place on yelp.  The food is as good as it looks.
Great food. Awsome place. Looking forward to eating from here again!. Squeeky clean!
BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS! I dont even like pizza this place ensured me there is a chance.
This is by far my favorite greek restaurant in Vegas. Easy take out and great service!
Staff could use a little polishing, but overall a good experience.
there's only one reason i come to Chili's and it's their to die for  Southwestern eggrolls.  delish!
foods good but don't order unless you like to try new things, as you won't get what you ordered
Great office and awesome staff!!! Everyone is very helpful and the dentist took her time with me
Damn good food , happy with the meal.  I have been here twice.  The steak and the tea so GOOD!
So far waiting 30 min for a shuttle to the strip at 11 pm. Would not recommend this service!
Bellagio is a hotel with class Wynn and Encore need to learn from Bellagio how to treat guests
Good service, great installation! Awesome price for service. Highly recommended!
I am a fan!!!! Always a pit stop every time I'm in LV!!!! The all American is a must try!!!!!
Constently good service, always have a great view of the game.
The burrito platter has a ton of food on it and tastes great. Awesome Hatch Valley Chile too!
Absolutely love this place.... Great customer service and the food and drinks are amazing.
Average food, average service.  Wouldn't opt to go there on my own accord.
Another fun and delicious meal with the nieces.  Great iced tea as well.
Just got done with our dinner experience here and it phenomenal From.service to food!
Great selection of sides, and meats.... Will definitely recommend to family and friends.
Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.  I really liked the warm bread.
Better than any sushi place I've been too.even better than San Diego .Tops to las vegas
Fantastic food and beautiful atmosphere.  The Rocky Road dessert is delicious and magical!!
Friendly staff, peaceful atmosphere, and delicious tea. I recommend the chai for two.
Lots of shops! Traffic can be problematic especially on the weekends.
Best tuna melt I ever had!  The Caesar salad was super fresh too.  Will definitely be back again.
Reminds me somewhat of an Islys where you can stop in a grab a deli sandwich!!!
Great first experience here. Clean, professional, quick and pleasant atmosphere.  I will be back.
Nice Park tennis and basketball courts soccer field on playground for the little ones
Good service,great food! A little bit pricy but defintley worth it! We will deniftley be back!
Cool vibe. Kinda "foodie Diner". I would eat here again but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
Drew is awesome! He fixed hair like a magic!  Highly recommended and I will definitely coming back..
Happy hour from 3-6, wish I would've known!
Great jewelry selection and chill attitude if I have to bring my kids in for a minute.
Sam makes one of the best pizzas around. Highly recommend the Cajun bacon pizza. Wings are great too
Been here before. Loved it then, loved it now. THE place to go for a quick, filling snackish meal
La meilleur cr me glac    Montr al, c'est la-bas que vous allez la trouver!!
The BOMB baby! Awesome!!
Good hair cut. Nice clean salon!
Great pizza customizable experience definitely will return here when I'm in Canada next.
answer your phones!!!  good deal but forget about calling them!! poor customer service!!!
The pastry looks delicious, but everything was overpriced.  The tart was fresh and tasty, though.
Great facial! Carmen's holistic approach and soft touch left me impressed. Definitely worth trying
It's my favourite place for Oysters in the city. Fish tacos are excellent.
always a pleasure to go here. staff is super nice and the sammies are always on point!
Ahhhh scary not fan a rough crowds but dinning is worth a try!
bubble milk tea taste like the milk expired. Never coming back
Hands down my Favourite pizza spot downtown Toronto! Can't get enough of the Margherita D.O.P!
what should i mention first ?! - poor service - cold food - small portion why did I come here again?
Lilly is amazing! She's personable and professional! I felt very comfortable with her.
Ribs and tomato basil pizza did not disappoint- open late!
A great place to purchase candy in bulk.  They also have many old time and classic candies too!
pizza was lacking something, credit card got skimmed and used online, enough said
License and Insured. Quality Work and Great Customer Service Always Exceeding Expectations
Superbowl in AZ!   And Giants / A's spring training?! I might have to move here from Feb to March!
Excellent place as far as good Chinese food goes. Best fried rice in the city.
Deliciousness wrapped in glitter! I got my birthday cake from them and it was so yummy!
Simply perfect.  The Margherita pizza may be the most perfect food Humanity has ever produced
This is listed twice, consolidate entries!!!
My 12th year with Yen and her crew!  Clean, professional, fun! Talented folks. Highly recommend
Loved Dr. Christina, she is so sweet to our dogs.
BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!! Pazookie is always yummmmy too!
The BBQ chicken and Veggie mix tacos were delicious! Super friendly staff, we will be back!
Chicken philly was awesome.  Wings were really good and the pulled pork tacos were the best.
Called twice asking for a quote and left my name and number.  Both times never got a call back
...good food. ...lots of TV. ...beer. That pretty much describes my ideal bar.
One of my top 3 brunch places in the city. The mashed potato waffles are heaven on Earth.
Convenient, lots of shops, a few "good enough" dining options.  Cafe Zupa is terrific though!!
These guys swapped out a tire for my Avalanche and didn't want anything from me for it! Nice!
great food and Yoyo gives the best service!
I sat here over 20 minutes before anyone asked me can I help you..... Bad customer service!
This place is bomb! Being from L.A. felt like I  was in my old neighborhood of East L.A.
Good show for the price.  Tommy Wind is an up and coming young talent.  My family and I had a blast!
Natalie is the best for my doing my eyebrows! I get so many compliments! They on fleek baybee
Kids all got sick! Worst service ever! Wait time is forever. Can't believe it is in business.
Love this place! A bit of a drive but so worth it! Guilt free food with all the flavor!
Really good food that is reasonably priced.  The employees were helpful and friendly.
The best Indian food we frnds had in 3 years. Everything was very delicious. Must go place.
Had the best soup here...I don't remember the name,  but I highly recommend this restaurant.
This is the closest to authentic New York style pizza we have found in Arizona. The crust is great!
Greatest Vietnamese subs I have ever had. Only warning is that you need to bring cash.
Dr Bethea is a great chiropractor and THE BEST personal trainer in Charlotte!
Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
the portion of short rib is very small and is 29 dollars the seafood toful soup is mediocre.
Great pizza. Food was amazing, will definitely come back when in town. Staff was friendly
Get Steven hes the best he is quick and i love his work. the salon is clean and really comfortable.
Very nice people/service.  Food quality is very poor.  I won't be back...very Americanized.
Like Todai but better!  Chinese owned buffet with Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and American fare.
Amazing coffees and desserts! The cooking classes are great too. Love this little joint
Wow! These guys were fast, accurate, affordable and professional! I would highly recommend them!
No customer service, never more than 2 employees working, no one ever available to help!
Nice atmosphere but slow food service and although the food was tasty it was a bit over greasy
New to the area so I yelped this place to try it out. Excellent from beginning to end.
Love this place.  Enjoy my pizza, but ma and pa shops, have the best pizza!
Needs to keep lottery in stock.  Always out of 20 dollar tickets
Sandwiches and wraps are awesome here. Good option if you're in Vegas and need a quick, cheap bite.
Good Mexican food. Drinks are weak and not high quality. Homemade tortillas are great.
 
Delicious and fresh. You feel healthier when you leave! All organic and vegetarian. Recommended.
I'm just craving the tuna melt right now..that's all.  *sigh*
The famous panini sandwiches are a little bland but good size for the $. Wings aren't bad either.
A great place to catch a game in Fort Mill. We also like to go for Kids Eat Free on Sundays.
Great teas, delicious food, incredible service. Highly recommend.
Thai obsessed. Chicken Panang Curry, Pad Thai and Pad See Ew are great. I love getting take out.
Chips and salsa are very good and so are the tortas. La agua de coco creamosa is awesome!!!
100% authentic. Pupusas are excellent.  If you're hungry and on the west side, hit it up.
Best coffee I've ever had!!!!! Better than Starbucks. Very rich in taste and delightful!
the staff here is amazing!!
Breakfast ends 10:30, lunch begins 11.  Between those times?  SOL.
Smash burger has a really good club burger on a wheat bun, that isn't dry! I love it!
a rock solid, quick, inexpensive sandwich.  if you like hot sandwiches, you will like the Earl!
This isn't even my terminal. I went out of my way to come get a pour over! This is now a good day
Very different and affordable way to eat sushi. It had good taste. Love the drinks with the marbles.
Wonderful service . Excellent dishes. Servings huge. Can't wait to go back. Nice causal atmosphere.
This place sucks. They stop answering their phone and won't deliver 30 minutes before they close.
This place is fantastic. The food is great and the staff is friendly. I will definitely be back.
Very good food ,excellent staff.  Will go back for sure.great price for what you get..
Awesome service and delicious food. Perfect portions. Chef even took us to our table- delightful!
I love this place!!! Tried it for the first time and it's good I wish there was one in Chicago!!!
These treats are the best. Perfect gift for someone else. My children love the brownies and cookies
Stay away, they will lie about everything on the contract and they never answer the phone.
Terrible, rude owner.  I'll never set foot in the place again.
Michelle was very knowledgable in skin care and will provide great results.
Great spot! Lots of great flavours! Loved the octopus. Everything was great, except for dessert.
most beautiful hotel in the strip. decor is awww so inspiring, love it here
Nice people, really good at fixing computers.
Every detail is considered - making breakfast special isn't easy in my book but they delivered.
Great place to eat after work. Casual dine in or take out. Protein bowls are awesome.
The food is fairly priced. Beer is excellent. Service is terrible 100% terrine. Food is tasty.
Crowded. Loud. Food wasn't bad really, but some of the servers were inattentive and rude.
Sf Giants game! March baseball! Enough said.
Pretty excellent ice cream... just would like different variety of ice creams.  It is super popular
Ms Flory Amy and Maya are the best workers in Tokyo house and food was good and healthy
Delicious and hot food, beautifully packaged and delivered within 20 minutes!
Great omlette bar...food was fresh and plentiful...kids even had seconds!
Great diner for breakfast and lunch.  Feels like you are at a small town diner.  Staff are friendly
If you want an honest mechanic with integrity look no further than Jason and Aloha.
The word luxury is so inaccurate. Probably the trashiest place you could live in Scottsdale.
Pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible. The prizes are just crappy as they get.
No longer open.  A new place called Cinnamon Grill is going in its place. No idea when it opens.
The Original is excellent. Soup is alright. This place is more about the main dishes than sides.
Food was great, coffee was ok. The decor is cute and trendy.
Awesome omelets and their menu is pretty big to satisfy anybodies hunger
Our go to place. At least once a week. Glad it's so close to our place. Prefer the takeout for sure.
Water is $8    Just fill up ur drink cup in the bathroom sink !! Ha ha
One time was all it took. When your patty looks like the part you scrape off of the grill, I'm done.
Nice modern place. Has a good urban vibe. Good drinks & great food.
Amazing food! Even if you are not vegan, you should try this place because it will blow you away!
Dr. B is so awesome!  He is very thorough ...staff is always great and friendly! LOVE this place!
really good sandwiches - but what i really enjoy are there homemade desserts! (& kona coffee)
Great service and ambience.  Some of the better sushi in Pittsburgh (for a chain store!).
Great food, great service. The ambiance is super cool as well.
Had the margarita pizza with cherry wood bacon...the freshness and flavors took me back to Italy!
They need to compete with others very small no taste very Bland. to pricey for the size.sucks
Fantastic deep dish pizza, and there are a lot of good sauces for dipping the warm crust in!
Super great juice and food! so healthy! Love it!
Constant unsolicited spam to my phone number that is on the do not call list.  Not cool.
Dropped in today and had an amazing gel manicure and pedicure!
Open Christmas Eve! It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
Great fresh sushi, and a good deal for all you can eat. Eddie the owner is the coolest :)
had their taquitos. FIRE! chips with 2 types of salsa, beans and cheese was cool too. good stuff
Your new French fries are awful.  The fire fries,  steak fries were awesome.  Please go back.
I've decided this place is great - really looking forward to them expanding
Friendliest service I have ever received. Great Pho and their ice cream macarons are delicious!
Really cool spot, old fashioned servings. Defiantly check it out.
So many vanities! I love this store!!! very nice ppl and big selection of vanities!!!
The people there are very helpful and nice. You'll learn a lot without feeling pressured
Some of the servicemen there are good, if you go a few times, you'll learn whom you can trust
I always enjoyed coming here when I didn't feel like cooing always great food I love it
11/4/18: Still at the top of my list as a favorite!!  Service, drinks, and definitely that burger!!!
Very friendly  staff specially Erica! On time on appointment and clean place!
Fantastic food, slow service.  Very accommodating to first time thai diners like myself.
I had the best breakfast dish here! The food is amazing and cooked to perfection  Thank the chef  
My wife loves pho and this one is the best Vietnamese restaurant that we've tried!
Food used to be good, not the case last time.   Restaurant had fish smell, hard to eat.
best steak house in Vegas, good price, better service, ordered rib eye bone in, perfectly cooked
Love this place..great location and their papya salad is spicy and cheap.
Oysters are really good. Pricey but your in Vegas !!   Seek out happy hour decent discount!
The ULTIMATE BURGER is absolutely amazing!!! My experience at fox and hound Ballantyne was great!!!!
Most the cab drivers are right. The problem is with the dispatch who lies to everybody
My 2 year old had fun playing but we will not be back. The facility is very unclean and unsafe.
Lunch Menu for buffet is limited and there is always shortage of Plates, bowls, food items.
Beatiful cake for my co worker .. cake is so moist and the cream cheese frosting is very very good
Best NY style pizza in Charlotte. And yummy cannoli too!
The Counter serves the best juicy burger I've had at restaurant in a long time... Great service.
Great boba. Nicely brewed tea. Extremely welcoming and energetic staff. 12/10 would come again.
Very friendly lady that works there. Good clean place.
Amazingly good Italian food. This is a white tablecloth, sit down and relax classy restaurant!
Great service! Great food!! Lovely place! Nana and Julie were amazing, very friendly.
Great french food, and nice view. Weather was perfect. Will definitely be back again.
It's IHOP what more can I say...Expected quality,cleanliness,  good service and food.
Nice club with cool retractable roof. Way too crawded though
Hoppin on Sundays! 2-for-1 brekkie burritos!
The spin chips were awesome!  Fantastic service. Busiest restaurant in the food court!!!
Talented, professional, hard working therapist with great experience! Thanks Katrina!
Just got my eyelashes done! Very nice clean environment, awesome service. Highly recommended!
Amazing food, friendly staff, EPIC desserts, peaceful environment & the tea is to die for!
Best sushi place in west valley.  The bluefin tuna and yellow tail sashimi is the best.
Great bar with attentive service. Cozy atmosphere, great drinks, just a cool place to hangout.
Great people and food! and wine of course
HD my iPhone screen and battery replaced. Great price and quick and polite customer service.
Great location. Food is okay, service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!
Lovely neighbourhood Italian restaurant. Decor is a bit dated but the food is spendlid.
Yummy Box Cafe  , 
Just curious, do they play music in the bar during happy hour?  We didn't hear any...
There's never a long wait. The ladies that work here are friendly.
Fast, fun, delicious, cheap. Nuff said.
 . . . . . . . . . !
A little pricey, but they get the job done!
Love this place!  Noodles, Dumplings, Spring Rolls.. oh and the fresh OJ!
Insanely busy but food is great staf is great highly recommended for a shopping mall restaurant lol
Went here for lunch. Loved it.  Service was really good food as well.  Very nice place
Nice place to have a brew and food.  Perfect location between the two stadiums in Pittsburgh
Shout out to these fellas for making a Montana kid look good !:) thanks Artie Mar! You the man !!
BEST MOVERS EVER!!!!!!  Efficient, NOTHING broken!!!  Pricing very good and very professional.
Great customer service! First time having an oil change at this location.
Great meat. We had brisket and short ribs and marinated steak. Fun atmosphere, good servers.
Decent southern food. One of those places where the senior citizens flock to because it's not spicy.
A bit overpriced for mediocre bar food. Super loud atmosphere also...
Nice quite community-Big trees and green grass for my dog.  I love how close it is to Biltmore!
Trust the reviews! Don't bother wasting your time here. Very pushy staff and overpriced furniture.
Shredded beef burrito was good though not enough heat. Service was good. Definitely should visit.
Great food! And they probably have one of the bet lasagna a in Charlotte!
this place is pretty good tried coconut and taro for the first time pretty solid spot ...
Dr. Brady has been taking excellent care of our dogs for 18 years.  Wonderful place!!!
great price and excellent service   tried chicken pho delicious !!
Great service and really nice, texted and didn't expect that quick of replies and easy to work with.
This is a great old school steak house in Las Vegas. I loved it...
slum lords, wish they would leave our town, rude staff, cant stop making excuses
This is a charming European feeling Vegas cafe spot that serves wonderful espresso!
Food is good.   Staff friendly.  BBQ sauce is really good.  Nice place for casual dining.
I gained weight because of this store.
Delicious food! Fast service and the best owners! Favorite breakfast spot. Love Vickie's!
Please come to downtown Phoenix!!!! This place is consistently fantastic.
Pizza. Cold. Burnt. Old. Tasteless.
Super friendly helpful staff, always so welcoming! Love the color I get and the studio!
The burgers are amazing! Wish they had more kinds! And the churro ice cream sandwich was heavenly.
Very pretty things and the nicest staff. No plus sizes for my size 16 bride to be bestie :(
Best airport sushi I have ever had, hands down. Be careful with the CLT roll, it is SPICY!
Due to road construction a little more difficult to get to, but still the best tacos.
A great 15min hike to the top of the mountain. Brought our dog and she loved it. Still has VIEWS!!!
Customer service and the food was fantastic! I will definitely be returning again and again.
Delish! We were celebrating my brother's 21st and my cousins 30th bday in Vegas. Perfect dinner!
MhhHhhhh they have a sushi roll called OH MAH GOD! and LITERALLY your like OMG!!!
Unimpressive menu and overall bland flavors. Only average Indian food.
This place is great!! The office is understanding and works with you to get things done.
Waiter extremely helpful with suggestions for new combinations.  Excellent recommendations
Excellent service et poulet au beurre. Demandez le cari de tilapia.
Good choices on the menu. Lots of seating. Good service. It's like a nicer Denny's.
My favourite place to buy locally roasted beans.  The Prince of Darkness roast is fantastic.
Food is pricy and quality inconsistent. Will try again when they've been open longer.
While the food is not too great here, the company does business with a crooked valet service
Amazing day on the patio! Great sangria and appetizers! Will be back soon! Great service!
Another gas station! They have similar items to other gas stations.
Service is wonderful! Avocado toast was amazing! And i had the best almond latte ever!
You're in good, skilled hands with Dr. Ryan Grabow!
Excellent staff and good prices. Staff listens and gives good advise. Highly recommend.
do not go into this store, they are rude and didn't even try helping.  bad customer service
Buyer beware. $8.69 for a frozen soft pretzel. Just like the one from the grocery store. Returned
Why waste my time writing a review if you're going to hide it. Sometimes the truth hurts. Out.
Not a fan, really greasy burgers, definitely does not live up to the hype.
Sorry the chips aren't free afterall.  But for a buck, it's still a great deal!
Super fast and efficient.  In/Out in less than 30 minutes, and reasonable pricing.
Some of the worst service I've ever had. Been here over 30 minutes for lunch and still no food.
Nissan Roque - do they make a six cylinder for  this vehicle?
Great local thai place - the curry and thai rolls are delicious!
PERFECT! Got my rock and roll groove thing on in a big way! Love these guys.
Good food, pleasant service.Really liked the sausage gravy.
can't go wrong for poutine in montreal..24 hrs..friendly service
This place is awesome. I get the same thing everytime. Steak n Fries is outta this world.
Great place to catch a baseball game especially if its for the USA Junior Olympics!
La fameuse poutine de la banquise!! Quoi dire: elle est excellente!! The best in town!!
Family run business, home style type of food which is amazing. The Greek fries is a must try!
Wow what a great restaurant the food is amazing and the staff is very friendly can't wait to go back
Long lines but always worth it.  The breakfast buzz is my all time favorite pick me up.
Craig Lynch was personal, efficient and concise. My utmost gratitude.
Great company very timely and resonable  rates  great customer service
Service is always fantastic. Bruschetta is unreal, brunch is unreal. No complaints
Still dream about their fish tacos...delicious, reasonably priced and quick service. Will return!
Charburger was about a pound, it was huge and delicious! Ice Cream Shakes were great too.
meh. maybe i got the wrong thing. Everyone loves this place so ignore this review haha
Wonderful food, big portions and friendly staff.  I go there all the time for my Chinese food.
Awesome thai at reasonable prices. Spice level is true to a t  Best drunken noodles in town
Love this bar going to rage extremely hard and these guys support my drinking habits!!!
Loved the nails & toes Joely did for me! & I had a drink while getting my pedicure? SCORE.
Great weekend brunch! I had the huevos rancheros and my wife had the mushroom omelette.
The server was sweet, the food was fresh and yummy, and the decor was nice. A pleasant experience.
pasta was OK. Not the best not the worst. Wasn't thoroughly wowed...
Firestarter is the best burger in town. No one is even close. I wish they were on the west side.
Fun friendly place. The food is ok & better than other Mexican places in the same area.
Love this place. The food is incredible.  It is a little pricey but worth it for the price.
So far not so good, open the lobby door just to get it slammed and locked right in our face.
Great happy hour. Apps are delish. Service is amazing. Skip the teas and baklava though.
Had the pierogie toast at Josephine's Toast. Loved it. Everyone loved their food and the space.
Dale, one of the managers was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
Fantastic BBQ, great beer, and awesome prices.  Not much else to say!
I love china wok, been going there for a long time, always fresh! I love any dish I get there!
Extremely unprofessional!  I've never seen employees treat a customer so badly.
This place gives you the best bang for your buck. The service is great, and the foood is very tasty
Best Bun Bo Hue ever!
Service slow. Food just okay. Won't come back
No chicken on a small salad?!  And don't roll your eyes when my 7 year old can't make her mind.
You used to be so much better, really going down hill :(
I had the kung pao chicken fried rice egg flower soup it was hot and spicy just the way I like it
Best ramen place in Toronto! Taste is always consistent.
Great food and excellent service...  Plenty of exotic menu options to choose from.
The fly swatting by the guy behind the counter threw me off a little but good http.
Hanging out at Coffee Corners is a fantastic way to relax.  Small village living at its best!
Best gyros we've had I CLE so far! I'm going to attempt the Mount Olympus challenge one day also!
In n out is my favorite place to go.  There service is fast and there food is delicious
Average food,  Overpriced. Their pizza is more like a flat bread
Everything was great! Good size portions!  See pic of my asada fries.
Ask for Donna! She is very thorough and careful and does a great job. Plus, she's very nice
OMG!! Some of the best chicken and sides and sauces ever. This will become a regular lunch spot..
Awesome burritos, tacos, etc. Guacamole is plentiful and tasty.
poor service, employee's did not know how to operate register, and manager did not either.
The coffee here is not very good, although the environment is comfy and cute and they have wifi
This was just to get gas & they had the least expensive prices on the day I went.
Wanna get roofied by a guy in a drug rug?  Go here!~
This place is amazing, you MUST try it  Best Sushi and everything is super delicious!
Worse place ever. Awful service, and the people their are rude! DONT GO!!!
Horrible service waited over an hour for pizza. Very rude and uninviting. Not recommended at all.
Great! One of the best Cirque shows I have seen and a great venue at the Bellagio. Worth the price.
Food be bomb, but gaaaaahhh damn it put me on the toilet my G . I almost died in that b*tch.
Very long lines at 7:45 in the morning only one lane open in the drive-through and grumpy employees.
I said my # Got passed over a half hour for others Can not believe disrespect on all levels
How can you beat an American Classic?!  This is a good, clean location that's always busy!
When in Vegas gotta stop by this spot for adobo fried rice, open really late.
One of the better Pittsburgh Thai .... great family owned and operation place.
Good burger and large salads.  The daily soups are definitely home-made.
If you want fried food, this is your place. I think they even figured out how to fry the coleslaw.
Gas dryer repair came out quick, friendly technician, decent prices!
This is one of the cleanest resturaunt ive ever been to & has great & delicious foods.
Hands DOWN BEST bbq EVA!!!!!! I would stand on hit coals to get a plate!!! You won't regret it...
Loved the thali..For the price it was good !! THeir paneer dish and Naan were quite tasty.
Very good food !  1/2 off wine on Tuesdays !   Great atmosphere !
I love this place, the food is great.... Just wished they had beer at this location
Most friendly service to go with the great food. Don't forget to get the date dessert.
Amazing place!!! Great food and the lounge ambiance is amazing
Best DQ ever! They have customer appreciation day with almost everything half price! Will recommend!
Super awesome positive people with healthy delicious food. The poke bowls are next level
The quality of dinner was equivalent to Panda Grill, I will not go back...not worth the mondy
We went there at 5:00 pm on a Sunday and they were closed. God knows why....
I love this new restaurant, delicious bbq. Will be back for sure
Good food.  A bit high in price but when you're craving a good ruben where are you going to go?
Very good peanut noodles. A little pricier than chinatown ramen noodles. The pork buns were just ok
This place is awesome, every time I eat there I poop gold and pee diamonds!
Thank you Steve for your great Customer Service and professionalism...we will be back!
Forgot to mention the Prices are great & just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious !
It wasnt a luxury place at all. The music wasloud and took a week in calling to get appnt.
I use them for all my pet needs. Staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable on products!
If you ever had Chico's Tacos in El Paso, Texas, this is the best thing to hit Las Vegas. I love it!
Great tasting Thai food.  Good spices and flavors. Nice, intimate restaurant space.
Ok Would like more gravy Less fries More toppings Also wasnt as tasty as i would have liked it to br
The New Female Barber is Lazy & Flat out rude. Will Not be Cutting my hair with her ever again.
Stunning authentic Indian food. Had the chicken tikka masala-a staple, and it was excellent!
Very delicious . Pan fried pierogi. Neat small place in Matthews town. Server was helpful.
Wasnt bad wasnt great, service was not on point. Chairs dont have cushions. Spacious. Decor is good
Solid Tex mex food!   Not fancy but it's very tasty!   Affordable too and they have beer!
I tried this hidden treasure about two months ago.  I can't wait to return!!!
You had the best biscuits and gravy! I miss you. Now you're a back parking lot of a Hilton. :(
Had takeout here today. Pizza was very good and the hot sausage  hoagie was great.
Apparently this place is closed...too bad, I really wanted to try it and heard great things :(
The man was super helpful and I found all of the ingredients I needed to make some Indian dishes.
Bread was not fresh, little meat. Delivery was slow, driver left without giving me my change.
Food was awesome, amazing service, lots of different choices and a really fun ambience!
Alexis is so gifted on she was right on point with my reading! very grateful to have found her
Great work, fair price, good turn around. Had brakes done. I will go here for any future work.
Simple, cheap, gooey and consistent. Can't go wrong with any of their subs.
Excellent food and the service was quite entertaining !! Make sure you get a cooking table and enjoy
Tuesdays half of food. they have good wings.they also have pool tables and Fridays they have djs
Food is DELICIOUS and the staff ultra friendly and accommodating. Love this place!
Decent sandwiches, and a great price for the area. In kind of a run down strip mall though.
A Gr 12 Grad with a CBE school.  $92 a ticket, food was not even palatable.  Absolutely disgusting.
We came in for a quick bite to eat  Virginia and the staff was so nice and present thank you
Amazing service and food. They went above and beyond for our group. Thank you so much!
agreed best wasabi- and mac n cheese! the grilled veggies are yumo
Super fast service. On time and very fair with prives!  Will continue using this business
Petite , overload with latest trends prices great love it
Finally checking out Lou's! The pizza was as great as expected and our server Danny is the best!
Pizza was delicious and piping hot. The live music on Saturday nights is awesome. I'll be back
Our favourite place to dine in Mississauga! Food is always just amazing and service is great.
Best brisket I have had in a long time! Amazing sauce and flavors. Bread is awesome too
Definitely worth the price, the food is way too good and would definitely come back here
Great team building event! Lots of fun activities and plenty of cold sodas along the way.
my favourite on a sunday morning.. yummy and warm croissants! The coffee is subpar
Yum Yum Yum, this is one of my favorite Sushi spots. 2 thumbs up!!
Wow, amazing. I went to Tony. This place knows about reflexology! Soooo good. So so good.
You know what? I changed my mind, don't hold the pumpkin. Bring on the pumpkin! Bring! Bring!
Best rice I have ever had when I moved in Madison! Pho is great as well. Highly recommended!
Sadly, this place is closed now. Owner moved back to Cali.
Cool airport with great service and friendly employees. A nice environment, can't wait to get back!!
Zack was the best, and the staff proves a hotel can shine with good staff ...
The couple that owns this nail salon are so sweet. My pedicure was amazing. I'll be back for sure!
Love the menu!!! and great organic hefeweizen type of beer!
Quick and cheap Smog service. Hard working people and positive attitudes. I'll be back.
Many delicious yogurt flavors & topping to choose from, friendly & helpful staff, & very clean!
Absulotly in love with it.. However, they take too long to deliver, but they have good service :)
Their smoothies are amazing. But even though they don't specialize in wraps, they are awesome.
Amazing sushi, great service and wonderful atomosphere. A little pricey but worth it.
First time here. Very much enjoyed their watermelon green tea. So refreshing and hydrating
now closed.
Great location Downtown, on Fremont St. Great place to hang and listen to live music.
I thought this place would be worth checking out because it's different. The food was average.
Good 16 oz sirloin!
Had a great time pedaling around Scottsdale on Saturday night. I'd recommend if for a fun adventure!
Oh, yeah, this is the good stuff!! Best catfish in town!!
Great hang out, awesome location food and coffee. Can't be missed.. go enjoy music and hookah too.
First time seeing black bean taiyaki. A bit wait. $2.5 each. No cash accepted over $50.
My wife and I love this place.  Delicious food and relaxing atmosphere.   Fantastic service always.
Thank you for my beautiful veil and dress, Uptown! All my guests loved it!
I think this Einstein bagel shop is really dirty and will not go back
Excellent local breakfast/brunch cuisine and coffee. Friendly management, plenty of seating.
New favorite breakfast place! Nice low key place. Fast and friendly service. Delicious omelettes!
So delicious, such a good snack. but a bit pricey at almost $11 for an albeit giant chicken fillet.
Vegan hot dogs! Vegetarian pouting! Open late on weekends! Service has always been excellent.
Try the Chicken Cacciatore!! Its good!!!
Kristen thanks for the great service! Awesome food. Awesome employees. Awesome atmosphere;)
Sushi Friday's spent here, very fresh tasty fish and a wide variety. Chefs are great, always yummy.
Awesome restaurant but slippery , filthy floors so watch your steps
I just paid $33 for an overcooked ribeye in a place with VFW-style decor. I won't be coming back.
New years eve rip off! $10 for a pint of Stella? $12 for two 3 oz pours of Prosecco? Seriously?
Apple, California Pizza Kitchen and Crate and Barrel coming soon.
Amazing place! You can bring food and beer! I cannot oversell this place ! Visit here :D
Wish I could give zero stars. Shame on the manager who would run an establishment so inefficiently.
really good Pho  and great spring rolls, great happy hour prices, even my mom liked it.
My pedicure turned out nice and the hours are great but the customer service was not good at all.
Great family-friendly place.  Clean, efficient, and exceptionally skilled and personable employees!
I always stop here for dim sum on a visit home. Eat dumplings in style in an old-school mansion.
Love love love this place!!  Food is amazing! Service is great!  My favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Excellent petit resto de quartier. Menu diversifi  et ambiance charmante.   essayer!
Bonnes portions, d licieux, authentique, et BYOW; j'adore!
Not really much to say.  Food was really good and the service at this location was good as well.
Always great an friendly an fast service.  I always get my watches an rings services there.
If you are uptown, grab a burrito. its cheap and filling.
Saw this place on groupon! Paid 6 dollars and got 10 dollars worth, very good ice cream and cookies!
Will update when done with everything For this review I will come back and finish later OK
Expensive.  Gave me bubble guts.  Gave the person I went to lunch with bubble guts.  I think not.
Short and Sweet...always satisfied and happy with the service I receive from Matthew Schumacher.
Gone to Jimmy John's twice this week. Man they have the best subs anywhere.
Very good food. Great wine. I've eaten here at least a dozen times and always am Happy
Love this place!  Great food and friendly people! Wasn't as good the second time
Food is absolutely delicious and the staff is very friendly. Our server Nashima was amazing!
This location is great. Food is amazing and staff are wonderful. The butterfish is so delicious.
Great spot for lunch or dinner. Great value for your money. Pineapple curry is delicious.
Finally got a chance to try it today.  Bomb ass food, can't go wrong with shrimp anything.
Initial problems with a bathroom vanity but they fixed it.
Great Guacamole, My favorite is the skirt steak that they serve with beans and rice - fries
This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas, I order coffee glass jelly, hu tieu nam Vang
It's pretty righteous.  I prefer Sola, but I dig it.  Good to go to after a gallery crawl.
5 stars for the obama comment on the door soooooooo sad they had to close their doors!!
Dung Dang does my nails every time she has always done an amazing job. Everyone is very sweet.
#best chocolate chip cookies...plus ice cream is so yummy...a must try for #foodies in #las Vegas
This place has an AMAZING happy hour....tons of apps and drinks for super cheap.
The food, ambience and the draft beer options are perfect to enjoy the summer by the patio.
Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
Very effective weight loss and common sense approach.  Trustworthy leadership and great staff.
Good breakfast. Fast and delicious. Very cute spot to have a coffee date. Staff was friendly.
Sent email requesting estimate for needed electrical work, no response to email!
This place is gross service sucks.i think I just heard bartender say she needs to poop:/.
So sad it's closed!!!!
Here to see Mary Poppins, loved the musical, super job by all! Recommend for all ages.
Great staff, great coffee, free wifi, and great location.  What more could you want?
To bad theres no 6 star option! such a magnificent club! huge shout out to all the friendly staff.
Good prices with nice look. I always spend more than. 1 hour. Too much stuff so I like shopping here
Love it! Delicious desserts and friendly service every time. What more could you ask for?
Simply: the best. If you visit town and you miss DCR you missed downtown, the heart of Las Vegas.
It was ok. The price was reasonable food just ok and serving wasn't all that special.
The food was good. The place was a little awkward: from the menu layout to the restaurant layout.
This is a good place for getting a hair cut.  The people are friendly
Really solid food.  Interesting spin on Japanese.
Always great food!  The chicken was delicious and the plan tunes were tremendously good.
Very good seafood,Very fresh sea bass.just a bit on the pricey side
Good pho and fast service. Never fails to satisfy my pho cravings.
Ted served us tonight. Super attentive, and cute to look at. Best service I've had here by far.
Called and no answer. Did a drive by and could not find the place anymore. Maybe closed?
Worst steak ever. Medium well is extra burnt and acrid. Never again! Expensive garbage.
Slow service and could not get a receipt. How does an entire store run out of receipt paper?
Hands down best Thai in Vegas. Recommend the pad se ew, basil chicken, Thai tea ice cream.
Great shows and stiff drinks.  What more could you ask for in a concert venue?
My new favorite deli. Even better than Sarge's on Third Ave in NYC and that was fantastic.
They make a good JUICY hamburger, thats expensive.  The milkshakes are pretty good.
Absolutely amazing breakfast, steak and eggs were both cooked prefect which is rare these days.
Met for drinks and appetizers. Chris in the bar was so attentive food was great service was better..
Excellent food and service! Greeted with a warm welcome. Ashley (cashier) was very enthusiastic.
Great service, good food and prices. I will be back for more Blue Fin Tuna Sushi and rolls
The best. Good service. Fresh and clearly baked in house. Diverse selection. A ton of fun.
$4 beer, alcoholic milkshakes, and a damn fine burger.   Bonus points for being open until 4am.
We love puppies N love. They have the best food! The vet always comments on my gorgeous coat.
Bad service and the place is dirty.the food was still good though, but their service........ugh
It smells like fine bad oil and taste really oily and greasy ...don't  like it at all
Love the Place. Awesome Drinks, Great Food, and an Amazing View..
Pretzel burger is pretty darn good,minus bacon.
Great sunny day for a blizzard but way too many WW points so we won't visit again for a whilel.
More staff needed. Waiting for a half hour in the middle of a weekday afternoon is a bit annoying.
Great atmosphere in a downtown Scottsdale location. The price is right and the food is great.
The food and the service is exceptional. I will be a repeat customer when in the area.
Cute building. Good food for this price and welcoming service.
* - Horrible service * - Unfriendly Staff * - Food So So.. = Don't waste your time or money
I love the Harvest Fresh buffet....every employee I met was friendly. Very clean and nice decorum.
Had their vday prix fixe menu and the selection was not the greatest and the food was just mediocre.
I'm not a BBQ connoisseur, but it's the best BBQ I've ever had. Best restaurant in C-U.
It's almost as good as In and Out only you pay more....oh, and the fries aren't as good.
Very good, quality food. Soup in a bread bowl yum. We will be back over and over and over again
Good times. Kids have fun, adults have a blast! Unless you're there with kids...
This place is awesome neighborhood sushi. Not a fancy place but the service and food is great.
My new nail spot in Las Vegas. Christina was very friendly fast and efficient! I love my nails!
There's like 173994718294 beers on tap and the happy hour is good. Plus lots of vegetarian options.
It was a little boring to be honest. I was expecting it to be much grander than it actually was.
Hands down, my favorite bar in Vegas!  For the Gen X crowd and older.
Great fish and chips. Nice folks
Probably the best hummus in Vegas along with delicious salads and grilled meats. Great choice! Yum
Molly is wonderful attorney to work with. I am glad I have her on my side.
Awful service. Tasty, tasty lamb gyros. Can't vouch for anything else on the menu.
Thank you Sonia for a truly relaxing and wonderful facial! My skin feels so refreshed!!!
rooms are pretty nice for the price especially it being off the strip
Great food, decent servings and not expensive.   Casual dining.  Their chicken gyro meat is yummy.
Love love love this place! I've been going to Miyuki for years. Highly recommended.
Very friendly, knowledgeable staff !!!
Great tacos. Rather new location , so it was pretty hectic when we were there. Thumbs way up.
Im sorry but the food was gross... everything was cold and taste old.. just plaon nasty
The flavored were all bad except lychee. Even the plain was bad... How does that even happen
Really cheap beer specials and good food!
Laid back deliciousness.  Comfort food for the soul.  Great beer selection.
Worth every dollar.
It's a little packed, but the coffee is very good and the baristas are super amicable!
The food wasn't that good to be honest. The burger bun was soggy, plus the burger wasn't that good
Surprisingly good pub food!  The calamari and the burgers are great.
Glad to see Grumpy's open again. Food and staff are great. Bakery items are wonderful!
please open in raleigh!!! miss you guys. so delish.
Cool building. Quick service. The tacos were so good - the steak taco was my favorite.
My wife and I always have a great experience at Bonefish Grill!
Always the best when I go here! Friendly staff, amazing Pho, and would highly recommend to anyone
Great selection of craft beer and wine! Nice atmosphere as well.  Everyone's friendly
always good food at great prices. Good music and enviroment. I enjoy seeing the chefs cook.
Yesterday I went buy juice. I I Waite 15 min to get fresh juice. Great juice ! Inside was clean too
15 minutes in the drive thru at 9pm on a Thursday night.  That is way too long for a fast food meal.
Great food and great service.  Make sure to arrive on time and make reservations days in advance.
Good food. Haven't tried any drinks here but over nice place! Decently priced as well!
Good food, and when they get the employees trained sufficiently I look for the service to improve
I got vegan meatball! Yeah !!!
Fresh fish at a decent price, very messy and alot of work but very good tasting.
Love this place in Old Town, especially when the horse comes to visit on Saturday Afternoon.
Get the sweet pork burrito smothered with cheese and red enchilada sauce...oh and be very HUNGRY!
Peruvian sandwich without mayo and feta is sooooo great for vegans!!!! Something for everyone here.
What a cool place! Atmosphere, staff, and food are great. Defiantly going again and again.
Decent rolled tacos.  Loved the salsa.  Pleasantly surprised.
Saw this on mtl blog...trying their take out sandwiches to meet up with friends and nosh and chat...
Place is legit! Definitely really good about keeping you up to date on new issues and all
Great food and a great price. Love the atmosphere. Ordered nine meals and not one complaint.
Prime rib special is a steal with soup or salad bar and great desert cherries jubilee is to die for
At times a long line. Servers not always the friendliest. But great pastries and decent coffee.
Great workouts, welcoming staff, and a beautiful & clean studio!
My go to Chinese place. Everything we've tried so far has been good.
The wings are pure heaven. I love this place! And the chili cheese fries are to die for
Love this place! They should of kept the jalape o poppers . Line is long, however worth it
Personal favourite for Hong Kong-style Chinese pastries. Good stuff. And not expensive.
Kate is the BEST waxer ever! Clean up for bikini season, she gets you in and out and on your way!!
Ain't no better cheesesteaks in Hendo, I guarantee!!!
Tried three dogs and the garlic fries. The house dog is slammin. Not for salad eaters
Very good authentic Mexican food. Will definitely be back to try some other items on the menu.
Authentic bagels and delicious cream cheese in Solon.
Touristy, expensive attraction on the strip.  Crowded.
Awesome place!!  Huge pancakes, perfect cooked to order eggs, great bacon...  Coming back for sure
Wonderful mom and pop restaurant! Great price and food!
My family and I love Someburros! Food is spot on every time. The new look is great as well.
Was ok.  Went the Valentine's Day.  Maybe I'm just not a huge fan of cook it yourself
Low prices on craft beer, large booths and kid friendly before 8pm. Happy hour starts at 3PM
The Rib Tips are the best! It couldn't get any better
Great service!!!! Thank u to Eddie for changing my battery so quickly. Would recommend this store.
The bread here is so far my favorite in town. The raw beef tenderloin is also very good..
Strongly recommend! These guys are awesome! Great customer service, prices, and selection!
This place is no longer operating as Hwy 55 it is called Gazebo. Yelp needs to update this page.
This place was great! I really enjoyed the burgers. Will definitely be coming back real soon.
 80 
Fili b's is the late night go to. This one by my house has the slowest drive though ever.
clich  ass place small asss meals for lots of money really not neccsary
It's really like an upscale Chipotle, with a larger menu.  The queso is absolutely amazing!
Chili is great for an airport restaurant, burgers are decent as well. Good beer and booze selection.
Awesome place, love how clean and classy the place is. Delicious coffee and awesome park view.
Good fast service went to get a quick smog check was in and out, yelp price was right on 7.77
I love there pizza wings and salad good prices too I stop by on my lunch occasionally
great coffee, great atmosphere, but really hipster baristas who possess just a little bit of 'tude.
Busy atmosphere with great coffee and snacks!
I enjoy working here minus the lack of natural sunlight
Good customer service. I was very please with attentiveness of the employees.
An enjoyable casual dining experience. My Wife and I enjoy the YenTaFo.
Good prices, good food. Shrimp tempura here is bomb! Definitely coming back here a lot more!!
They have very good food, nice portions, and decent prices. If I'm near by, this is my go to.
Great space with very good coffee and a terrific egg sandwich on a roll so light it almost floats.
Nothing special. $18 for fried rice. Growing up I better and we served it for breakfast.
Amazing place. Every pasty is the bomb you can't go wrong. The desert is a must as well.
Walked in and promptly walked out, the lady at the register had her fingers in her nose. Disgusting!
I didn't like it. Some items were soggy, some over-spiced. I couldn't finish it.
Great customer service checking out today, it's alway nice to have a knowledgeable cashier.
We are sad Seton Academy stops after kindergarten. This school is incredible.
Loved the tacos. The service and the beers and tequila. Super amazing place. I recommend it 100X
Amazing dinner! We loved the Green Curry and Pad See Ew noodles! Perfect night for my birthday!
Loved being in this hotel- absolutely beautiful and overwhelming the best experience!
Great place to stay. Rooms are very clean and affordable. Middle of the strip is a great location.
Not bad pizza but the specials taped to the counter look ridiculous.
Went here with friends. Loved the cocktails and the food. Very friendly service and nice decor.
Very authentic south indian food! The dosa and medu wada were amazing. Run by a very nice family
Did brunch at Nan & Bryon's.  Basic brunch w/seafood at a reasonable price.
I love the staff and service, oh and of course the food especially the cherry cheesecake
THE liquor store in Akron. Clean, not shady, friendly staff. Great selection of most everything.
I had a good time with friends here ! Bartending is quick and made my drinks the way i wanted them !
Casual but intimate.  Great atmosphere and awesome food.  Darren our server was great !!!
Why are your boxes so hard to open and close  aside from that your pizza is delicious so thank you .
Pastries and snacks, cute and inexpensive. Large terrace in summer, excellent coffee year round.
I love this place.  Such cool stuff!  Reasonably priced and the owners are really friendly.
gotta come here for lunch!!! and they also served the naan bread fresh!!!
I had a pretty good experience here. It's a nice clean pub.
Amazing view, busser was friendlier than our server.  Food was great, prices are very reasonable.
I just love the flavors of Turkish cuisine. I feel transported away when I come to visit Alihan's.
Wonderful little gem! Great service and fresh food. I definitely recommend if your in the area.
Walked in an gotta hair cut that was first class in any place I've been for 15$ I'm 70   Thanks
Good, old fashioned deli right of Bloor on Bay that has a big, full menu! Can't wait to go try more!
Excellent sushi! The rock shrimp with chili sauce was yummy too. Nice place off the strip.
Absolutely in love with their breakfast. Everything tastes homemade. So glad we found it.
Love that place. Love the music. The drinks. The overall experience of a cozy and trendy place.
My family and I eat here once every 3 months or so.  The food is decent.
Crowded bar atmosphere, spectacular beer selection, good bar food.  Great hot dogs.
Had a hot dog and a beef and tasted exactly as I remember from back in Chicago.
Glad we came here great food fast service even on a Sunday morning. Me and my wife will be back.
This place is the best. Casual vibe and friendly service. Shrimp tacos 4ever.
Just opened near my house and the service is awesome! Frappuccinos all day everyday :D
WOW this was a awesome place the service was great and my steak tacos were to die for! OmG
Everything was par excellent! From the customer service, price &tee shirt. Satisfied customer .
Been a couple of times & would go over lgoNo!, kneader's etc. pkg better than lgoNo! in am.
One star up!!! Last Saturday I ordered the sashimi bowl with rice to go. Fantastic! !!!
Very very friendly over the phone and really good pizza and wings. Really awesome price too!
LOVE this place. Cool atmosphere, amazing drinks/food.
Short rib fried rice is outstanding, great little spot you may have to wait but it's worth it.
Avoid Camelback VW. Go to Karls. Paul has been working on Wifey's 2K new Beetle for 7+ years
Good service, good atmosphere, good sushi.  Like that you get miso soup with your sushi order!
Needs heaters!! Other than that, very clean no urine smell. What more do you want??
good food, ok service.
Definitly enjoy the pad-thai, very delicious food.
Best Tacos I've ever had ! Just amazing, fresh ingredients  and amazing service . 100% recomended !!
Great prices. Owner is awesome. Manager is soso. .  Thanks guys for the three new bikes.
This place is awesome. My nails always look great and last. Would defiantly recommend.
It's nice, like most Paradise Bakeries. Parking anywhere in the area sucks though.
good food, different - never would of thought there was an english flavor in Phoenix!
Pretty!  I like how they change it up according to seasons.  It's free too!
It was so good I ordered the salmon and the crab legs! Will be back soon!
Change your life, excellent service, real homebody feeling won't go nowhere else in CLE!
What a let down! The price and quanity was sooo less than their truck.
Really liked the cheese curds, burger and fries. Good selection of beers. We had a good time.
Super friendly family owned place with great food, great service, and really cool specials!
delcious coffee and the pastries are always fresh! they should be open 24 hours!
Best grilled cheese ever! Great music and fun atmosphere. Don't take anyone that's homophobic.
Also, a 3 hour wait for a consultation.... HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!
My favorite Greek place and everything is fresh. The salads are amazing try the Lahano with chicken.
I absolutely love this place! Whenever friends or family visit me in Phoenix, this is my go-to spot.
Great brunch spot. Excellent food and staff. Quality and sophistication at its finest.
Delicious! Ordered pizza, wings and bruschetta and did not disappoint! Will definitely order again!
Responded quickly to our Yelp RSVP, it was a quiet night, but we had great service and delish food!
Been there recently, and i noticed better service... As for food it's as great as usual
I absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food is so tasty and FRESH, which is key to my lifestyle.
Unique menu. Cool, creative decor. Singapore noodles were excellent. Pork satay disappointing.
I like this place so much  Friendly and professional. The best barber shop in Pittsburgh.
Mashed potatoes gravely COLD No seasoning  Cloeslaw okay  Won't be BACK What else is there to say
Great food and service. I recommend #43 or #44 satay beef on vercimilli noodles. Love the spice!
Super   tester en sortant du cin ma ....
I highly recommend! They take the time to pay attention to details. Thank you Kinnamon Bros!
Incredibly warm and friendly service. Food is always fresh and well-presented. A gem!
This is place is always so clean! Nothing but great service here! PS - This is great hangover food!
Didn't think it was all that good. I've had much better sushi-ritos on the West Coast.
Favorite sushi place in town. Can't go wrong with Naka. Good prices and GREAT food. Courteous staff.
Very helpful and knowledgeable fairly priced and exquisite custom design work. Highly recommend
Cliffs is an Ode to Authentic Barbering; The best nod to how it was and how it should be.
3.5 stars- Got the tonkotsu ramen and it was on point as per Canadian ramen standards.
Amazing!! Some of the best BBQ I've had. Great price. Fast and friendly service. WILL be back!!!
The service is great, just be prepared for a louder atmosphere, super friendly staff, good food.
Really good Jewish breakfast sliders, Jewish sliders, and buffalo benedict.
Always happy with my nails from Nancy, but she outdid herself this time with my Vegas ready nails!
Awesome! Best lash experience I've had...nice, professional..I  definitely recommend Amazing Lash.
A solid choice. The meat and cheese board alone is worth it. Excellent deserts and a helpful staff.
Tout  tait mauvais et pas cuit   la livraison. Je ne recommande pas du tout pour la nourriture.
Very professionally minded young man.  Hard worker and very organized.
Good stuff, the best in Gilbert, AZ Excellent dairy free yogurt!
They need professional staff, especially the front desk girls , won't be coming here again
Amazing visual feast.  Well worth the price.  Just see it.
Best Italian food in Vegas by a landslide one of the best I've had across the country
Very friendly at this location and the drinks are always perfect I love the flat white
Excellent view on the observation deck.  Had a great time, don't miss it.
Great place to just grab a beer.  They have spotted cow on tap.
This is a great place to eat. I usually get the BRG which has it all. I love the spam and eggs too!
Hannah is amazing. She is friendly and will walk you through every step! Two thumbs up :)
Have been coming here for nearly two years to get my dogs groomed. Sheri always does a great job!
Love it cokes good people love it love it little bit late love it  some people where rude
Get the baby back ribs! Killer mashed potatoes!!! Quick service and excellent prices.
I had an amazing hot stone massage. I thought the spa was very beautiful and would highly recommend.
This place is awesome! I went to the pool to party and had the best 4 hour nap. Strongly recommend!
Tony is spectacular. Best time in Vegas EVER!!  So much fun and the history lesson is excellent!!!
If you are going to close at 9:55pm, don't say you close at 10pm. You're in the service industry.
Awesome and friendly staff! Should have gone here instead of the panda nearby. We will be back!
Brad Brenner did a horrible job with my tattoo. Never will I go to this tattoo artist again
Gyro was SO GOOD! Totally going back!   Gryo = Pronounced like, Yee-row
best salsa ever!  also a fan of the mini chimi's... as well as regular-sized.
Sandwiches are awesome! Great deli. I love the garlic knots here too- lots of garlic :)
Loved it. Cute little bar on Mount Washington. Great food, amazing Moscow Mule - must try!
Chill place with great coffee and fun cocktails. A must hit spot in Central Phx.
Nice place for a happy hour event
Wonderful sushi ver much more on the traditional side. Worth checking out if you're in Pittsburgh.
Who doesn't love The Keg. Great food great ambiance.  This is our go to birthday celebration place.
The Chicken pasta is the best here.  Healthy creative Tex-Mex food.  Lot's of fancy cocktails.
Great atmosphere and service. Their Bigger Mac is amazing and their drinks are the best.
Very good pizza, fast and friendly service. Will definitely go back or order delivery in the future.
Excellent food great service however the lady at the front needs people skills.   Can be rude
We had the Dude Abides and the Purple Parm. Delicious and huge! Fries were awesome as well
Great place to get the real ITalian food... recommended!!
Huge kids selection, very friendly and helpful staff. Clean and organized. So many books!
Nice people, good customer service.  A bit cramped dinning area, but great dogs.  Really enjoyed it
Great Food.   Service is very good.  Atmosphere is perfect.  Would highly recommend The Taco Guild
Super friendly and they make great sno balls!
Amazing!!! Felt like a little kid on Christmas when I got my cotton candy! Will be back :)
Love going here. Lots of space and tons of parking. Selection is amakng and fresh. My favourite!
Its ok.... 2/5
Food was consistently not good and drinks you can't really mess up.  I wouldn't go back EVER!
Someone told us this was for kids but it definitely wasn't I literally was so scared I peed myself
Always good, trusted service. Polite staff and they provide a shuttle to my office which is close by
DELICIOUS!  Pizza great! Wings great! RANCH amazing...everything is really good & fast service
Best Asian in LV.  It doesn't get any better than this.
Awesome hotel and pool. We loved the f .caact that it was smoke free. We will definitely be back!
Centre commercial assez aere.
Very happy with their work, my yard looks amazing. Highly recommend. The workers are very helpful.
Drive thru was extremely slow. By the time I received my order the food was no longer warm.
Everyone at Innovative Eye Care is helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommend.
The Bacon burger was dry and I got no refills! The waitress was good but not very atitive.
Delicious pulled pork sandwich...good cole slaw. Great addition to the neighborhood!
Delicious!  Probably the best meal and drink I had while in Las Vegas!
I liked the classes but i felt the staff to be cold. I didnt feel welcomed so i went to a new studio
I love this place. I always get the chicken kabobs with the Greek salad. There dressing is amazing.
Johnny is fantastic! He was kind, professional and my nails look amazing. I will absolutely be back!
Excellent Brown Butter Lobster Rolls and Fish/Chips. Prompt service and wonderful food.
Great atmosphere - casual, laid back.  Fabulous Pizza!
If you want solid and honest al dante spaghetti bolognes, come to this place.
Second stop of TO food crawl. Ordered the kimchi fries! Pretty good pretty good!   Sugoi!
solid food and the sauces are really good. The fries are disappointing unfortunietly.
Pricey and okay. Had some event that was a little politically off-putting.
always enjoy the atmosphere and friendliness of the staff, with good variety of beer and food.
Best carne asada tacos in AZ! Good spicy salsa and they have really good refried beans
We liked the place and the food is very delicious and the service is very good. Everything is good.
Worst bank ever horrible costumers service.maybe this review helps them for little bit changes
This place is amazing. The hot chocolates are shareable and the brunch items are too.
Excellent, and real gelato.  Well presented but a bit limited in the options.
the best chinese resturant in las vegas.    true east coast style
It's all about the blue cheese steak and peppers taco. Wow.
Always have a special spot in my heart for dive bars, especially the Coach House. Love this place!
Good all round Hong Kong cha chaan tang good.
Best Ramen in the city. Good value as well.  They are quick at this location
Love this store!  Tamara at Pro Services is the best!
Extremely, slow service. The food is below average. I'm not sure how they are still in business.
Very nice park! Nice walks in the summertime. Ice skating during winter
Extremely disappointed, the bbq had no flavor and the sauces didn't help. We don't plan to go again.
good smothies. nice and clean location and staff was nice. Kiwi Quencher is great.
Food was good and we didn't have to wait long. Server was efficient. I would go back.
Good Food, Great Service,  FRESH seafood, great Mac n cheese
Looooove their Viet caf . Other food looked amazing and the fried chicken bites were delicious.
24 hour place with decent food for those who have had a long night and crave kimchi stew at 7am.
My favor truck ! Love their fish & the prawn taco ! Yummy ! Can't wait to see them again!
Food is great BUT they charge a fee for ordering takeout .. Craziness can't say that I would return
Good, fast and inexpensive Mexican food.
Food was cold and the fruit bad I asked for my money back and they took out for the drinks
"Brian Iverson was AWESOME!! He really took service and excellence to the next level!"
Went here for lunch. Had the Galbi and spicy squid and pork belly. It was amazing. Delicious!
Best ride in the park and whatever's 2nd isn't even close.   Would absolutely recommend!
Going to try this place as there is a long line on a Tuesday night, must be good! Lol
Stopped in for lunch when passing through Madison - excellent!
Fave date spot.  Food is always great.  Love the wine and cheese selection.
Great place- excellent wine, appetizers and awesome staff
Really loved the hot wings here.  Pairs well with a nice cold beer.  Would definitely be back.
Love this practice. Practical, affordable and excellent dental service. Excellent staff and dentist.
It was just ok... kind of bland and boring food.  The wait was too long. Not worth it to me.
Great customer service, super fast, and delicious! Definitely a good addition to Surprise.
Great service.  The Manager Eddie knows what customer service is all about.  Can't beat the pricing.
I had the strawberry and creme filled crepe and it was delicious. The staff there are so friendly.
The best Mexican restaurant I've had!! I am very picky with my seafood and I can eat this everyday!
I love this place. The food has consistently been good. Their sushi is great too. Eat here.
Great place to stop by for a pastry. Very tasty and fresh. The almond croissant is a must have.
Very fun place, the chips are amazing, burger was divine!
Great food and amazing service. My family and I will definitely be dinning here again.
Great service!! Came to our house , took flat tire  and fixed it and put it back on in 20 minutes
Best sushi i have had in a long time...i would recommend this place to any sushi fan.
Horrible. Stay away. This is a 55+ community. Maintenance and landlord could care less.
The food is good , but average really. Peach cobbler is great and the owner is really nice .
Always excellent.  You never leave hungry! Home cooked, fresh and a little taste of heaven!
The best salon in town! Everyone is down to Earth, friendly, professional and talented!
Place was awesome.  Delirium on tap.  Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them.
This is an awesome show, such talented artists!
This is the place for Bubble Tea in Cleveland. No doubt about it!
Service is kinda slow here. Foods are good.  I have been here twice, love the environment
Good food when you eat in delivery is problematic since they have the tendency to overcook the meat
The service was really slow. The food served was cold. Will never recommend this place to anyone
Super customer service and best in the valley by far. Ask for Jon.
It is pricey and they take a looong time but my windows are always clear and the carpet spotless.
Easy to miss as sign is low contrast and small. Once you get a table, food arrives soon after.
A little pricy but good. Carrot cake a surprising hit. Peanut butter cake hard to break.
Taco salad was great! Coconut shrimp was AMAZING!
Grade: C-  Less than average service. Almost okay food. Spendy.
What a little diamond in the rough! Absolutely fantastic authentic food, get it while you can!
Good service, professional and courteous. Most importantly, very reasonably priced and affordable.
Went here for a middle-back issue I was having, and their RMT really helped fix me up.
Food is good, had the lox and bagel, chili relleno and omelette with 5 people- it was plenty
Fabulous place to hang out. Bottle wine is a liitle pricey. But you are in LKN.
Tr s bon Bagel au saumon, Bon service, Ne sert pas d'alcool et ne prend pas les cartes de credit
always good for an after dinner desert, employees are always friendly also
Outstanding Vegan menu.  The Falafel Balls and the Spinach Ravioli are delicious.
Very basic for the price! The fries are nasty and cold with no flavor, I recommend the onion rings!
Great job. Fixed my shattered Iphone glass in 20 minutes for a great price!!! Looks brand new.
Very disappointed with dim sum and very dissatisfied with service. Not recommend to others.
Never great service, even when not busy. Now they no longer give Military discount....sad!
Not what I was hoping for.  The store is super dark items are had to see and get too.
Very small portion Chinese food/ Taste good / $100+ feels like eat nothing/ wasting time for food /
Best Walgreens in Las Vegas. Excellent customer service, they will help you find anything you need.
Fantastic food. Poor staffing and time management. Expect to wait, but it'll be great.
Average bar food. Awkward server. Too many other places to try before this place again.
It's not that bad, really. Never had any problems at this JITB. Fairly quick, too.
Excellent customer service! Courteous and friendly staff. Great experience every time!!
Wasted my time going there at 658pm Friday night when their website said they closed at 8pm.
Great prices and they have windshield washer squeegee and solution available.  Always appreciated.
This place is wonderful. Massage therapist Calina Wright is the best. A+ John Pouchnik
Made fresh, mango is what I always get. All there ice cream are very good with real fruits
Thrifty's ice cream, and the option to put it between two fresh baked cookies.......need I say more?
New Korean restaurant!!! Very delicious!!! Good menu!!! I like here everything!!!! Iam comeback!!!
Terrible - How would you like to bite into your sandwich and have HAIR in it??  Disgusting.
Love Bite for breakfast and lunch. Great food and amazing staff. Been going there for years.
Check in for a green tea ice cream! To be honest, just a normal place... nothing special.
Authentic and tasty. Super fast service. Crap furniture. And it ain't as cheap as I remember.
Worth the drive off the strip to eat here the view is amazing and the food is authentic and awesome
Loved the bowl with fresh, healthy, and delicious ingredients. Staff was super friendly.
Enjoy the shrimp in lobster sauce and the veggies great and cheap fast chinese food.
 2     
Yummy food! Best ever bbq! Love the ribs and smoked chicken.  And dessert is the best!
Gross and the service was horrible. This place is only good for beer and stomach pain.
It's the Asian Panera. The food is okay but honestly, pretty overpriced. Cute interior though!
I love staying at Caesars.  In the Forum Tower, maybe I'll try for the Augustus Tower next time.
Security seem to have other priorities than the Safety  of the Residents  And their Property
Trick me 200 bucks for a problem that is totally solvable by my suggestion! Really gosh dang bad!
The yogurt is good, but the service is never consistent in all the times I have been there.
Newly renovated, endless colors, best nail techs and massage chairs! Ask for Dawn, she is the best!
People here are very knowledgeable and helpful.  Only drawback is parking is a bit weird.
Great price...no hidden fees no hassles. Definitely worth a visit. Chris was very helpful
Awesome food, staff, beer, and atmosphere.  Way to go Ryan and Ivan
Awesome service saved a lot of money same quality parts is the dealer very speedy ask for Ali
Here for a cut with Bella. Love what she does with my hair. I would tell anyone to come see her.
Very clean and we'll maintained. New modern machines and free WiFi. What else could you ask for?
3.5 stars  Pretty good gelato chain restaurant with a decent selection of gelatos at normal prices.
Great wings! Staff friendly fast! Very clean inside my new fav pizza joint i will be back
Amazing shop I'm impressed more every time! Its like the cheers of Vape shops they know your name
Excellent food, great service.   Latin-American food made from the scratch.  I highly recommend it
Love everything I've tried here.  A little bummed that the Tempe location doesn't do pasta.
Lunch tacos. Easily the best in the valley. Simple but different and very, very tasty.
Awesome Cajun dinner!  Service great, presentation wonderful and don't pass up the bread pudding!
Actually had a great time playing craps there!  Clean and nice staff.
Inexpensive Ice Cream and according to my 15 year old, "better than Dairy Queen!".
Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.
Meh!!  Wish the people were nicer
The food here is amazing. Also, the service is the best. Mamaoh is my favorite Korean place.
Excellent service! Outstanding, clean and welcoming atmosphere. Love the place and the service.
Tried this place a second time, still 5 stars. Fresh fish, amazing atmosphere. Friendly staff.
Outstanding wagyu beef. Great wine list and the best peanut butter chocolate dessert on earth!!
I think it's closed. I dropped by to sign up but the door was locked and the phone was shut off.
Jim was so helpful and polite, the customer service is top notch and so is the facility itself.
We even tried the alligator!  Jordan our server was awesome! We ate until we couldn't anymore!
Chicken is some of the best around town.  Donuts are creative and tasty.  Get there now!!
Great place!  If you like a burger that is both classic and creative, this is the spot.
Really bad store, dirty and they reorder their products only when the customer begs for it.
Chicken was hard but biscuits and tea are the best in the world.
Awful, management is rude.  Will not honor ice cream cards at all. Prices are very high
In the mood for a flame broiled burger?  This is the place.  Great burger and exceptional fries...
I have eaten here some time ago. I did like the quantity and good value for the money.
Quality of the shrimp was good and the sauce tasted great without being overly salty.
Their five spice pork belly steamed bao is one of my favourite dishes. Definitely worth a try!
One of the best dim sum places in Mississauga.  Just like Hong Kong.  Great service!
So yum! Great patio area and great fried "veggie chips". Don't judge this place by its cover.
Had a great massage with Tina. Wished I could figure out where she went so I could follow......
Grabbed a Slim 4 with cheese & bacon. It was ready in the flashiest of flashes and I was on my way!
One of the best fast casual dining places in charlotte! Good food, fast service and affordable.
Horrible fondue...good flavor, horrible texture.
Had high hopes for this place, but unfortunately its a typical pizza joint.
JoBot has moved!!! To a bigger better location. 3rd St and Roosevelt. Beer menu is on point!!
They have monthly specials. This April, they have breakfast  from Tuesday to Friday for $3.97!!!
Walked out tonight. Normally a good place. Got left sitting at the bar for 10 min with no service.
Great corned beef and pleasant staff....the peach for dessert was tops....will be back for sure!
Great beer selection but not a good spot if you are in the mood for something else.
Love LOVE this place. Awesome food awesome service. You will leave this place fat and happy! :)
Amazing fish tacos, kids had a blast playing in the sand and the atmosphere was so fun!
Elderly coffee is the perfect place to meet friends, or hang out between meetings. Check them out.
Kewl bar
Update May 2017.  Nice service with now, with a  smile. Delicious lunch now includes a drink.
My husband just moved to Mesa and tried Allison's.  It was delicious.  We will be going back.
Best shrimp tempura I've ever had. Omurice was excellent as well. Highly recommend for a quick bite!
The manager and assistant manager are really lovely people, and take care of their customers well.
Great service was in and out. My light was out and I know nothin bout  cars they got the job done.
Nice place, great menu.  Always busy but wait staff is very accomodating.
I love this place.  4 horseman is the best burger.  I will come back again and again
The people here are so helpful and kind. There's no long lines and no exasperating wait.
love this club wish they would try like different music sometimes tho
Killer deal for the really tasty B1G1 cold noodle
The ice cream is super cheap and very delicious! It's located in a pretty random gas station though.
Toughest veal I ever had,  room was very hot and humid.  Risotto. Itching special
Great tikka masala.  Garlic naan wasn't bad.  I was happy/satisfied!
Amazing micro brew and the food is to die for, meaty chilli with an oatmeal stout. Yummy
They did a very nice job with the remodel for the A's.  Traffic and parking can be a challenge.
this is the best greek food on the danforth great portions and great peice
Amazing Penang curry and glass noodles. One of the very few places that offer wonderful Thai food.
Great pizza! Reminded me of pizza I had in Italy. Very fresh ingredients. Loved the olives they use.
Great place, has awesome barritos and their 12 rolled tocas with cheese and Guacamole is awesome
Great sushi. Fairly priced. Music is hard to listen to but overall a good experience every time.
I hear the cheap dim sum deal is done.  *tear*
great service and good food! Definitely wanna come back again!
Very good food for lunch or dinner. plenty of large selections and the staff are great.
Cooked with heart, that why the food taste so good Recommend to try the chicken shawarma
The Best... the Hot Food Section is on Point. A+..... The staff is very Polite and helpful.
Good but a tad pricey. Cool people and service. Nice location. Jukebox is a cool idea.
They troll county records and send out refi spam for homes that are payed off!
Not very entertaining except one part towards the end. Lots of couples humor.
Rap music and Asian food. I might start watching football here.
Went here after reading reviews.. not impressed. Dark and dim on the inside. Food wasn't that great.
The manager Michelle here was great. She was so sweet helpful and had grate customer service..
Food was amazing, service was amazing.  I'm blown away this place wasn't packed.  I will return.
The cinnamon buns, cupcakes and cake bites are wonderful! Can't wait to try their cookies next time!
Only been for lunch. Enjoyed the food and ambience. Can't wait to go for dinner soon.
Simply amazing taco salads and smothered burritos.  Especially the sweet pork!
This place is a joke.   The portion of food is for kids.  The rice dishes is all microwaved.
A true classic old town dive bar. Priceless!  Very small. Worth it! A place to see and be seen!
I did not like mine, chinch on the toppings.
Staff is extremely friendly and personable.   Food is delicious as well. The music is a nice touch.
Had a great experience, the waiter was awesome, everything was good until I got food poisoning...
Had the Bulgogi Beef and Wangs.  Bursting with flavor.  The wings are legal crack.  You want more.
all ways a joy to come smiling faces especially the girls hot and delicious food a must for lunch
One of the older Thai places in town and it is very good!  A popular lunch buffet spot as well!
Excellent service with Casey and Georgio! The group of 20! The food was great. No complaints.
Great Authentic Mexican style food! Excellent Margaritas!
Cheap drinks, perfect for a quick layover,  but it smells like vomit.  Bring your noseplugs.
They had vegan options and the customer service was very good. I would definitely go back.
Good food.  Service was a little inconsistent but good fried corn on the cob and mac and cheese.
They did an amazing job- and we could not be happier with the results!!!!  Great customer service!
Food was great as usual but waitress needs to find a job she enjoys. Avoid this place at all cost!!
This place is the best pizza west of chicago! Absolutely love it.
As good as it gets for slow carb. Love the Barbacoa burrito bowl!
I am in heaven. Been seeing this place advertised. Finally made it.  Yeah!!!!! Just wonderful
Very friendly location with a nice touch of solid customer service.  Drop-offs are a cinch!
I love this place. Very fresh and affordable. I seem to always get the combo :)
Great place, we book it about once a month. good staff too.
This place is very good had a guy named Dennis and he was amazing if you want a deep rub.
I recommend eating here the best Navajo food in the Valley.
Good food, cheap price. the place is a little small though.
Great service and awesome deals. They offer different deals and coupons for oil change.
He takes really great care of your hair and makes you look fabulous. I would highly recommend him...
Awesome ambiance, Good food. Open very late. Nice service.
Exceptional food always fresh greats ingredients and very nice people' a real hidden gem
best fried chicken in vegas. and ive tried em all
Love the gluten free products and seasonal items.
Ronin was great! Very professional, replied immediately, very competitive pricing and great work.
I ate at the buffet here. It wasn't very good but the hotel seemed nice and clean.
The young man on Wednesday morning was great. Knowledgeable about all products. Very helpful
Their almond french toast is awesome!   Slightly slow service
We got there at 6pm on Thursday and it was already closed.  The time said it would close at 10pm
Awesome food, great selection of craft beers and a fantastic staff.  My new go to place in Vegas.
This Mexican is impressed by their menu, Cadillac margarita, panoramic view, and overall aesthetics.
Nice friendly staff.  It was dead on a NFL Sunday afternoon.  I wish them well.  Beer was cold.
Wonderful Mexican food. Enjoyed the queso & guacamole. Can you say homemade tortillas?
Still love this place and location my family always prefers this hilton while in Vegas
Really would've given this place 3.5* Food is ok. I've had better Korean food in the area.
I don't understand how a restaurant like this can be cash only?!?! Get with the times you nerds
The food is great every time we come. The chicken Philly is my favorite. Good atmosphere.
Best Thai food I have ever had. Very friendly staff, huge wine selection and fast service
Hite beer, good food & cool videos playing.
Yummy royal falooda and pan shop. If your a shake lover or pan lover visit this place atleast once.
A nice pizza place.  Price is good pizza is not bad quick service.  Wish they had thin crust pizza!
This an amazing place!! Great food, drinks and the people are wonderful.....a must go to place!!
Friendly staff, great food, chill atmosphere. Definitely my number one go-to in this neighborhood.
Good portions, great food, kinda wish they had more specialty sushi on their menu though.
A great place for hot dogs and brat, and great on tap selections of microbrews.
Very efficient and quality service I have come to expect from the Discount Tire Franchise.
Poor communication. Poor customer service. Plan on waiting months for your order, if at all.
Excellent steaks, seafood and service!  Beautiful view of Las Vegas strip! Wayne Gorsek
Good post-drunk night activities to get the day going.  Gooooo Babz!!! And throw some stars!!!
Awesome food, service, and people! Their fries are a bit on the dry side, and it's usually packed.
Best barbacoa tacos ever! Extremely delicious! I am a new fan!
Great live entertainment. Drinks are well priced - for the strip.
Security was very rude. Felt it unnecessary for such huge men to be pushing around small women.
Great service and good prices. They really care about the animals. Would definitely recommend.
really nice guys that work here and the product was amazing! try the bratwurst!
Wow!  Very Vegasy!  The decor in the dining room changes throughout the meal!  Neat!  Great food!!
A dissaster! That is no homade pasta. Too expensive, for the food they served. In about 40' ...
Unfriendly and not helpful staff.  You will wait forever.
Pizza is yummy & service is outstanding, & the prices are even better will be back soon.
Great food, great price, great service. Best Pho/Viatnamese in Calgary.
Not a bad view when you're dancing and drinking the Vegas night air away! I had fun here for sure.
A must go for a rainy weekend w your family. A bit on the pricey side but worth the experience.
Great selection of comics and card collectables!! Great service! Cool place for FNM.
Showed me exactly what I wanted for a great price. My sales person was honest and straight forward.
Totally the best choice for sure!! Didn't even charge me for a few lil marks  u have my business!
Chicken gyro combo with lemon oregano fries is the bomb. Also accept Ballantyne corporate card.
Not bad.  Seemed a lot more like Chipotle than Hawaiian anything, but food was pretty decent.
This place has sadly closed...not sure for how long or if permanently...
This place is great! Super friendly staff and tasty, affordable treats. Highly recommended.
This company is poorly ran. Wouldn't recommend and would never use again.
Delicious burritos bowls and burgers, great drinks, Paleo and GF friendly! Well worth checking out.
Good food. Good location. Get the fried chicken dinner, only $9.50+ tax mon-friday!
Stopped by this spot on a Saturday night and had top notch service! Super friendly staff
Friendly staff and clean establishment, great service! Inexpensive and great detailed work!
Great little casual, NY Italian spot that we keep coming back too.
Very local flavor. Good prices on beer and produce. Butcher counter has nice looking meat.
I like spicy tantan, tonkotsu, and miso ramen.
Great food and service.  Friendly staff - loved the chicken eggs Benedict.  Price was on point.
My trusted shop for work on my car. I got an honest answer and personable customer service.
Delicious lobster mac & cheese! Haven't tried the cheesecake will come back for it next time.
Checked out this place for lunch today but sadly didnt get to eat because the waiter was so rude.
Really great Pad-Thai! Clean restaurant and friendly service.
Raynelle always makes my hair look soooo gooooood!!!!!
Really good late night Sonora Hotdogs. They make sure that you are ok with everything on it.
Honestly you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Definitely worth the trip from Mesa.
Great food, large portions, I love this place
spark a blunt, order the adobo fried rice omelette, enjoy. call ahead.
Great expertise on printing. Reasonable prices and very friendly, easygoing people to work with.
Nice hotel, clean rooms, OK food. I would visit again.
Excellent food, el chaufa de mariscos Muy Bueno y la picadera buena seleccion para la entrada!!!!
Excellent service and food.  Broth is on the bland side but better than salty. Plenty of parking
DO NOT GO HERE! They will overcharge you , do a sloppy job , and make your problems even worse.
Food was really good, bartenders were eye candy. Lots of fun, espically thursday night.
Hands down the best lasagna I've ever had. Sadly a bit crowded however the nicest crew.
Clean bathrooms!
A little pricy but good for the money.  Very clean and friendly staff.  Will definitely come back.
Roach on the table absolutely disgusting! Would never recommend not clean at allllll !!!!
Food and service has gone down hill. I will not go there anymore or recommend to others.
Airport food.  Overpriced, soggy, not very good ham and cheese bagel.  Blech...waste of my money.
Amazing atmosphere and bar staff, horrible waiter and overpriced food...coming from a local
Camrin is awesome! He's always in a good mood and gives great customer service! Thanks!!
My son loved it! Great friendly staff. Got some "cool Mom" points and had so much fun
Best hotel for Biz travelers in independence. Hands down.
Yeah, this place is great, if not strictly traditional.  Could use more seating.
Jose and James are Awesome! Stop in and u will see the food and drink are on point.  Support local
Very excited about Harumi's expansion into Scottsdale.  The best sushi in Arizona.  Hands down.
So-so Italian spot with little flair. Not bad but absolutely no reason to go back.
Didn't eat but the beer was great and nice bright atmosphere. Change from the typical dark bar.
12" pizza one topping for $6 till 4 today.  Pizza is good and so is their house salad. Will be back
Great prices. Clinton had to mail it to me after repairs, but did so the same day!
Delicious! And greatly priced for the ambiance, staff, tasty sushi and all you can eat special.
THE most caring, wonderful veterinarian in Las Vegas by FAR!
Robert's catering did our wedding cake. It was delicious! And beautiful. THANK YOU!
Lovely inside, attentive staff! Food was tasty but not amazing... cocktails very weak.
They updated their site and now online ordering is SO much easier.
Amazing Sunday brunch! Excellent service. Great live music! Owner Nico- top notch! We will be back!
Food was decent but definitely overpriced for the quality. Ambience felt very commercialized.
If you like New Mexican food, in a relaxed neighborhood environment, you'll really enjoy it here.
Nice place for bar type food! Good atmosphere and the best fries in the city.
this place needs a second location in downtown toronto!  best samosas I've ever had.
Come see Helen n Long new owners way better service then Tony n jennifer...
quick and good customer service! thanks to justin for fixing my iphone 6s plus in just 10mins!
Love this place. Picky eater and always order grilled chicken and veggies for my healthy side.
Went here for Xmas. it's totally worth the cab ride. Fierce!
This is a great store to spend hours in just browsing. Lots of interesting items.
Best Fishcamp in Belmont area
Cool atmosphere and while I didn't drink my friends did  and they said the beers were great.
Came today for a brow wax and retouch and cut the service was excellent would recommend service.
Best wax in town.  Sarah has done an amazing job taking care of my Sweet Virginia  :)
Great kalua pig!!! All ingredients were fresh and service was great... Try this place!
The food here is really good. I love the fried rice and sushi, and also the ice cream is amazing!
Great happy hour!!!!!! Amazing spring rolls. Just what Phoenix needed
.......ah... Its ok. Seats outside were uncomfortable, beer was good. Staff was polite.
For $9 (no fries) this burger better sing.  It don't.  Go to Five Guys, better and cheaper
Friendly staff. Fresh food. Good quality and quantity. I would recommend. Open early too
Amazing beef soup with even more amazing kimchi.  Would definitely come back to this place
Good hotel! Great rates. Great location. Great service. Enjoyed my stay :)
"Cash Only" does not work for me. The staff is so unfriendly. Looking for a new cleaner.
Delicious.  The remodel has helped with the noise level.  High quality food in a nice atmosphere
Disgusting company taking advantage of the monopoly they have on the entire community!
Good food and decent vibe.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
Jose is amazing as is the food.  Thank you for making our friends batchelor party dinner!
Love this place! Best thin crust Pizza in town! 27 rotating craft beer taps are a win!!
very healthy and surprisingly enough, tastes great too. Don't skip the deserts
Exceptional, superb, outstanding, the best. A wonderful man also.
Just what I wanted; food tossed at me; liquor poured on me and the wrong order.  At best; annoying
Small and inviting. Good Iced Toddy. Parking can be scarce. More spots out back.
One of the BEST Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. My favourite Homemade-Tasty restaurant in LV.
$3 beer and great poutine in the heart of Old Montreal...really cant yo wrong for a quick break.
Love the empanadas, both sweet and savory. Delicious selection. Employees are very friendly.
Awesome dishes! Have the Club Bao you will not be dissapointed
Great coffee and Tea selection.  Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...
Noah really is an artist :). I went away for awhile and my hair just wasn't the same.
Great food!!!! Upgrade to the bibb and bleu salad! New management. Making awesone changes!!!!!
Fast, friendly service. Clean establishment and tasty goods.
I love this place!!!! Amazing food and great service and atmosphere!  I highly recommend!
Nice venue, good food but a little overpriced.  Still prefer Jabistro.
Love the drinks, nice place to hang out with friends especially  if there's a sports game :)
Need a great place for a quick lunch? Then you just found the spot. Nice sushi at a low price.
This place is amazing! Been going back for the last couple years and it's only gotten better!
Stay away from these movers. They are dishonest and totals cheats.
This restaurant has great food. If you like Vietnamese food you have to try this place out!
Always excellent. My faves are the salmon nigiri and the eel nigiri. But you can't go wrong here.
Pharmacy service is super slow going inside or outside even when I was the only person in line.
Authentic Italian. This reminds me of my Nonna's cooking. Real southern Italian specialties.
Great selection and good prices best Ross ever! can't believe it's on the strip.
Amazing baja fish tacos! The fried fish was light and a really tasty dressing on top!
This place has great sushi and galbi. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Its a must try.
They close at 6 not 8 on Sundays just drove all the way there for nothing, please correct info!
Great service & food
Small but very nice.  I had a calzone ... very good ... would come back again!
Best place to satisfy any and all drunk munchies.  Highly recommend while intoxicated.
Terrific food and service. Probably the best hummus I've ever had and the lentil soup was fabulous.
Great Thai food! Small place so make reservations if you can beforehand.
Good authentic Thai food and excellent service with good portions. Prawns and catfish is a must!!
Consistently good haircut.  Its not a crap shoot like many other barbers.
Great modern twist on classic Greek.  Everything was yummy.  We'll be back.
Love this place I been there 4 time and I leave with a smile on my face and satisfied customers
Cute boutique stores, but very pricey.  Go for the experience, not really the shopping.
The food is okay. I have been there twice.  Service is good. But I probably wouldn't come back.
Kat the manager has zero customer service skills. She definitely needs anger management classes.
delicious  The platters are a lot, could easily feed two. yummy and get speedy service
food tastes okay, but the food and service doesn't match the price.
Such a great place to go. Bridgett is amazing. I love the cut and color. So happy I found this gem
food was outstanding, attractive and service was timely.  will go back
T.J.  was exclent at customer service really was helpful and knowledgeable
Love the new chef  Some fantastic new ideas  And a wonderful new menu 
My hair looks amazing and feels super healthy. I love it. Thank you HUE!!!!!
Had the best time here for monster jam!!  Friendliest staff and a great stadium!!
good for late night eats. Good burger patty but please change the bun already. Too much bread.
Great coffee and a good environment. I was also impressed with the design they made on my latte!
Overpriced with small portion sizes. The food tasted okay but definitely not worth the money.
My appointment was set for 1130 and I didn't end up getting out of there till 1:15. So ridiculous
WORST PLACE EVER. END OF STORY.   While the apartment isn't bad the office staff is.
Great Southern dishes that aren't easy to find in Charlotte anymore.
Best park around town. Big and open. You and your pup can get some exercise at the same time
So good. Wish it was closer to our house! Small inside but very good food and they have sake.
Great late night place to eat. Not the cleanest place I have eaten but the food was tasty.
This Is Great Place To Fix Cars We Been Living In Las Vegas 2 Years We Only Take Our Car Here
Zander was great and so was the show and play area was very fun for our 5year old he loved it
Family owned. Cleaning and tailoring. Kind and helpful. I would recommend this place!
Super college town pizza. Thin, crispy crust good sauce and generous toppings. Three happy guys.
Foods okay! Sounds silly, but wish they would update the look!
This great place does NOT take reservations!
Sushi was very good....next time ill ask for no mayo on my rolls but loved it otherwise!
Great place for breakfast. Food was excellent and cute atmosphere with creative signs
Best Versa spa tanning xoxoxoo
I love their Chicken Madras Masala...!!! A must try. It has mouth watering flavours.
Great beer selection, good burgers, the shakes are good too, bartenders with poor attitude.
Great salads, very friendly service. And thier breakfast is better then other fast foods.
WTF! Great beers, amazing food, and great ambience! That's it. Eat, feast, and enjoy!
They do their espresso right (or close to it!).  The best in Madison that I'm aware of...
Just choice of 6 noodles. But .... always full house and lineup on the street. Excellent !
Best Thai south of Indian School! Very simple and reliable. Fresh, fast, and affordable!
Excellent turkey reuben and fries. Real fresh turkey and crispy french fries.
They don't take cards! Yikes!  Food is dull and they will fail no question. Sorry, Chica, no mas.
Excellent service tonight by Stephanie!  The Chicken Marsala was delicious!
Toro, Bluefin, Halibut, Salmon... you name it, it is FRESH, and prepared with flare..
You can't not stop here if you're in Vegas. Cool atmosphere, great cocktails, and photo ops galore.
Excellent, soft, chewy, fat chocolate chip cookies they have! Try 'em!
Worst "double shot" latte here. They add 2 more shots & it still tastes watery.
Best smoked meat outside of Montreal, they uphold the tradition very well!
Very efficient, affordable, and extremely pleased with the results! Highly recommend!
Very good. Great service great food.  Authenticity and noticeably not hip.  Very nice
cocktails are amazing love soup service sucks been here almost an hour theyre still not cooking
Anything you need come here.... It's all one love....!!!! best staff and very knowledgeable.
OK food.  Seafood is really good!  Can be a long wait to get food served.
Great Japanese food experience, but in a old Victorian era home!
Thank you guys! I love it that this place is a cage free place!
Best sandwich ever! There really is nothing else to say. Try the Italian Night out with peppers
Loved it!  we had a strip view room. Super nice. I would stay here again.
Truly fantastic coffee, great food, and terrific vibe.
Great Dinner, cool Thrift store decor, super friendly staff, great food and portions are perfect.
exelente trato de sus trabajadores y muy rapido, perfecto
No salty and no strong taste. Good atmosphere. I like it. But milk pudding is not my type.
Below average burgers. The fries were soggy yet tasted burnt. Won't be going back anytime soon
Love everything about this place! Cheap cheap cheap and so tasty! A must try for quick bite!
Always fantastic! Probably one of the best pizzas in the city. The crust is sourdough!
sukiyaki broth= toooooo sweet. will update on my second visit.
Cozy shop, super nice staff and great selection.  We LOVED it!
The price is right and the food is just as good!!!  Its your ma and pa restaurant!
Best pastries in town! Everything taste amazing and the detail they put into each dessert is nice.
This place is so not Thai. :(  I honestly think they're Thai/Chinese restaurant.
Came from out of town and found this place. Great spot. Good food. Good service. Hit the spot.
They take advantage of drunk people. Don't take peoples money when they've had too much to drink!!
No way. A ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza? No no no. No beer either.
A great alternative to the big banks and all those fees.
This food is a disgrace to real Mediterranean food. It didn't even taste good at all.
Hidden secret!   Man!
This was the best experience! Very delicious and very courteous staff. Beat I have had so far !!
The food and staff are great. Everything I have eaten so far has been fabulous.
Delicious - love Kalua pork & the Mac salad.  A must try if your in town!!  I'll definitely go back.
The floor was so sticky, the burgers were so tiny, and they service was sooooo slow.
Nice interior, friendly attentive staff but the food we did not like. Sorry but won't be back.
Been using Gila monster for about two years, competitive prices and yard always looks great!
Get their premium Negri set !! Great service and great atmosphere! Will definitely come again
The chicken burger is great! Their fries are good as well along with their shake!
Always Consistent, keep it up!! Pretty solid experience time after time. Thanks Lakewood Chipotle!!
Yummy steam bun with pork belly.
After their work didn't pass inspection they put a lean on my building. I recommend anyone else.
Delicious Mexican food. My favorite meal is the Quesadillas. Queso dip and chips are addicting.
Excellent fresh food and amazing customer service! Karine really treats you like family!
Cori was awesome and very accommodating . Thank you for your top notch service!!! We will be back !
left a message last week and never received a call back
Great studio, wonderful people,  really "opens " your eyes and makes mornings easy. Thank you!
great sandwiches! and the sweet tea is awesome! i will be going there allot lol.
Great place to do a stop and go lunch vegan style.:) Clean and very nice decor..No complaints
Pretty good Not the most comfortable seating Good for 2 ppl, but not 3. Decent fried chicken
A restaurant that actually lived up to the hype!
BBQ Seitan sub sandwich is fantastic!  Great for pick up or to sit and have a slice.
As any gas station their store is expensive. Prices are highly marked up for everything.
Horrible horrible service
There are  a lot of people waiting every time I pass by, their food is great, i like it.
One of my favorite non-chain places. Good food, quiet, plenty of space, friendly.
Place is very awesome solved all my problems. Much helpful.
Horrible! Service is poor. Bad food and no twist. Dont waste your money and time here.
Wild red flight with cheese!  Try it. Helpful staff, very friendly, especially Todd and Drew.
Best. Mcdonalds. Ever.  would give 10 stars if i could  great quality, hot food, AMAZING employees!
Delicious baked ziti. Would love to live closer to here to be able to treat myself to it more often.
If you want the freshest fades visit this place Elias the barber has hands of a magician
Grilled swordfish sandwich Satisfying, fresh and tasty Eat it if you can
Great place and one of the best burgers I ever had! Please is clean and the service is fast.
Wonderful strawberry chicken salad.  Comfortable.  Awesome cheesecake.
One of my fav taco spots. My must order are the fish tacos!! Don't forget to add that spicy kick
Very friendly service and above average food. Not a bad spot for downtown Fremont Street.
Great toppings and love the larger share containers, they even have coffee.
Gilamonster Landscaping did an excellent job on our yard for a fair price. 10/10 would recommend
Dont go! Paid $8 for a carwash, it went over my car 4 times and it was still dirty! Total rip off
Great bar. Awesome food, rotating beer selections, and the best trivia in Pittsburgh on Tuesdays!
Amazing food at this simple place in an Albertsons strip mall. Me and pops will be regulars.
Update -they added kids stuff but removed the NikeiD lab.
The staff is so friendly. Dr. Greenberg is great. So glad to have found Ageless Remedies.
Food is good, fast service and prices are fair! Love the ice cream and mexican snacks there
Well it's free.  And it's a stamp.
I got the carne asada burrito. It was good, but far from great. Much prefer La Pasadita in Chicago.
Great times with friends, highly recommend if you are downtown. Staff is super friendly
Amazing!!! Food is always fresh, the place is always spotless and the staff are super friendly.
Never on time, office staff is not friendly and office is old and boring!!! Hard to see a D.O.
Shawn was very straight forward and helpful. Yea for small business owners in Las Vegas !
Very bad food. Chicken alfredo sauce tastes like flour and beef in beef dip tastes like cardboard.
Worst Buffet ever , never try this one, it's bull sh*t  , the only seafood is baked fish.
Best place to grab a cocktail and people watch in Vegas!!  You can't go wrong with this bar!!
Pedicure was cheap but also the worst polish job ever.  Dont waste your money.
Black dog is the best BBQ place I ever went to.  Love the burnt ends.
Christian company family owned and operated. Very professional and reasonable pricing.
My guests and I had a pleasant meal with good service.
fair--very helpful--no pressure--very easy sale experience---excellent sales person  Reggie Evans
Great for a first date. And historical education.  It's nice to see where Toronto started.
Just had a Chicago dog with the works and watched a baseball game for lunch.
The service, was quick, professional and kind. It was really a pleasure doing business with them.
Renovations are great! Easy to navigate, cool restaurants.
Delicious new brunch spot Great food and service. Friendly staff , was not bad.
always a pleasure...beautiful clothes and friendly associates
Zach is a magician with hair, incredibly talented with color worth every penny spent!
Best Hotpot ever, everything is so fresh, tasty broth  .....  we definitely gonna come back
Great location and great food.  Need more OEB's downtown Calgary!
The best restaurant in Toronto.  Hands down.  Get the rabbit pappardelle.  You won't regret it.
Its fish tank is nicer than Mandarin's
Great kosher israeli style food. Good food and very clean place. Will definitely come back again.
Such a great place! They give the best massages ever! Coco is my favorite such great prices! Love!
Quick service.  Had a really good slice! I would recommend.
Best Happy hour food, service & ambiance we've had in Vegas. Definitely would recommend!
Yummy WINGS.. waitress was attentive!nice experience!! luv buffalo chips with toppings on the side!!
Exceptional espresso based drinks from in-house roasting  Great baked goods
Excellent chocolate. Good place to have afternoon desserts. But sometimes u need to wait.
Met some friends to catch up. Had good service and they kept the drinks flowing. Good time.
Found this place because it's next to the gym I go to. Lilly did a great job on my mani and pedi!
An interesting concept.  All items nicely packaged.  Self checkout that works well.  Would return.
Dr Patty is the best, love her she is like family
I came here with my family, and we order one ramen and one hotpot. The teast is pretty good.
Great food. Great price. Had the Bourbon Street chicken mixed with the Bumble Bee stew and loved it.
You could save your money and just make this at home and bring it in. Pretty bland chicken.
Professional, excellent customer service, reasonable rates, highly recommended.
Nice place in beautiful Lake Las Vegas.  Good atmosphere, great service, but our food was bland.
Good deal on Sundays... wings and greens. And football. Fun bartenders and waitresses.
This place has now closed, sadly :(
Awesome, very attentive staff, amazing food! Vegan night is out of this world!
My normal Starbucks when I am on my way the Henderson Area.
Nice breakfast options, friendly staff, quick service, wish the coffee can be stronger though
My dogs and I love taking our hikes here!
Always friendly here. I love the Biltmore Blonde. Also has Sonoran Brew company on tap.
Flavourless pad Thai. Terrible. One of my favourite dishes and I had to force it down.
We went there with high expectations and John, our sever, made our experience 5 Stars!
Everything on the menu is good - great drink prices!
Went on a Sunday morning place was very busy and food was amazing!    Try the crepes!
Consistently great quality and value time after time!  Love all of the local community support too
Went on a Sunday. Staff was super accommodating and welcoming. Food was terrific. Clean atmosphere.
First impression: there was dust bunnies all over the ceilings. Immediately walked out.
Yes I have, the Bloody Mary's are the best I have ever had.
I highly recommend Pomegranate Caf . The food is delicious and the people who work there are nice.
Very nice great food....good service...love the menu extensive choices...nice atmosphere...
Very good!!  So fun to watch. Very nice people working there!!  A must go to. It is  in a mall.
Great pizza! It took me awhile to find a good place but so happy I did! Will definitely recommend!
Fantastic vegetarian and vegan options!! Staff was super friendly and portions were really big.
Great off the strip alternative walking distance to lots of restaurants.
Wow. This place beats chipotle any day. Just know that a large burrito is huge!!
OOOOkay?!  Definitely not worth $125... Love was so much better!!
The best chicken fingers, hot wings, burgers, and fries in North Town.. maybe even all of Las Vegas!
Jessica was awesome. Best waxing experience I've ever had. I would highly recommend Pretty Kitty!!
Great beer menu.. hundreds of different bottles from around the world!
We had a wide variety of dishes. The flautas and el tapito were just delectable
They are always trying out new recipes. I love their durian egg tarts!
...
Very busy on weekends but one of the better places to get dim sum in Markham.
I like to stop in for a chocolate croissant when I'm in Madison.
Food is pretty good and service is great for the price, which is SUPER LOW!
Srista is the best!! She fixed my brows and now I found my eyebrow queen. Thank you thank you.
Came here with my family. The ribeye steak is the best. Very filling. My family and I enjoyed it
Good coffee and truffles. Quiet studying environment. I'll definitely be coming here often!
Very weak expresso. What more can be said about bland coffee? This was a serious disappointment.
Food was good the variety of tea was great and the mango tea that had gummybears in it was sweet!!!
The egg roles were actually spring rolls and the noodles I ordered were just lacking in flavor...
Food is pretty good here! They haven't let me down yet! Love the fact that it's family owned!!
Atmosphere was a lovely service was a bit slow food was perfect but the alcohol is flowing like mud.
Owners are awesome.  Food is so good.  Bring cash, they don't take cards.  So, so, good.
Best Korean BBQ I've had and I'm coming from LA. Great service and great food!
Amazing food!!! Great service love love this place my new favorite spot in Las Vegas!
Food was good and price was reasonable.  Defiantly would go back and recommend to others.
Great pizza and wings !! get delivery from here at least 3 times a month definitely recommend it
Horrible office staff.  The office manager hung up on me and didn't allow me to speak.
Food tasted amazing!  Meat was fresh, tender, and well flavored.  Place wasn't smoky.
Best homemade burritos and tacos in the city ,,. These ladies are amazing !! I visits often !
Yes, go especially early for your flight so you can enjoy a nice sit down with capuccino.
it's a cute little Mexican spot. The employees are really friendly. Food is pretty good.
A wonderful selection of wine and beer!  Food pairing brings a whole new meaning to bar food!
Love this place! The food is always excellent, and prepared just the way you like it!
Our company brought 22 players and every single one of us had a blast.   Highly recommended!
Wow. Great espresso and latte. Probably the best in Cleveland! Highly recommend their latte.
Be sure to finish with the bread pudding & upgrade with a shot of Knob Creek poured over The Top!!
Odd location, but it's the best Pho soup I've had in Montreal thus far.
I've never had such a good experience at the OB. Highly recommend Dr. Morrison and her whole team.
Great selection of beers, including local beers, good food, and service was very friendly.
Best breakfast in Scottsdale! Love the veggie hash and fresh bread.
Overnighting here in PHX due to late connecting with all of the runway work that's going on
By far the best gluten-free burger place ever. Incredible, local, family-based service.
Had crepes and an omelet, it was all delicious! Cute little restaurant with a nice atmosphere.
try the wings, ask for honey bbq! they are the best
What are the hours at the Henderson Transfer Station?  Are they open Sunday?
Outstanding experience. Very professional and friendly staff. Amazing pool! Great service!
This place is always good and the price is just right! The Daily Special always hits the spot!
Great value and terrific food. It's pretty crowded and loud but hey , that's the atmosphere.
Oh the mole!!!!  It is a treat to come here and have such amazing flavors, salsas and variety.
Superb Service, Excellent food  Outstanding atmosphere. A Gem
Expensive but still the best Chinese in Waxhaw Weddington area. Sushi is awesome too.
Mmmmm, so good!! A perfect place to stop by on the from home. Wings and seafood are delicious.
Sean are waiter is on point with the bottomless mimosa's. Ask for Sean if you eat here!!
The food is delicious.  Definitely going back again.  Loved the service and quiet atmosphere.
A great place for a relaxed evening. Really liked their Ricotta Pie! The service was amazing too.
I had Sunday brunch with my older children and it was very good! Not just the same old! Enjoy!
Fantastic, the food was great salsa was good and spicy. The tortillas were nice and thin.
Chips salsa food drinks service seating ...... All get 6 stars
One of my favorite places!  Food and service always great. Best mussels and frites in town!
Sucks with the service . Line up and didn't get seats. Never come here.
This is my go-to bakery when I want to bring sweets as a host/hostess gift.
They found my sunglasses!!!!! Old ass glasses but they were at lost and found and weren't stolen.
Amazing food, delicious and unique- excellent service - awesome vibe. One of my new favs in town!!
Pizza d licieuse et livraison tr s rapide et service courtois et jamais de livraison froide!!
Nice collections of Cigars, Humidors and Hookahs. Good to have this store in our neighborhood.
Good food, decent service, inexpensive, fresh
Awesome breakfast! If you want a Filipino, American or Hawaiian food. This is the place to come!
Awesome drive in lady. Smiling and the drink was waiting for me. Awesome service
Super fun but always packed, Cover sucks but ya know
Excellent pizza, especially the buffalo chicken.  I wish the menu had more to offer though....
Ben was the best waiter I ever had! The food was great. This is my new hang out for happy hour now.
butter croissant nothing special, the woman server'd better change the attitude.
Update - they have a large size now and it's huge. Freakin huge. Better known as the Teadaddy
Deborah who works here is awesome, so patient and friendly.  I could spend all day here.
OMG  Love the freedom bead, make the best chicken salad sandwich ever!!
Favorite dish is the lobster mac. It's really good and super filling
Nice ambiance, but sorry, this place doesn't do it for me. The food tastes old.
Crappy service. Average food. Don't waiste your time and money
The bomb.com!!! Eat here, leave happy!! The food will put you in a food coma! Cat fish was da bomb!
Omg, they have the best Mexican food around! The nachos could feed an army.
Long wait food was ok but not spectacular
A very positive and practical experience. Kind people who are great at their jobs. Thank you.
Prompt, friendly, knowledgeable service. Keeping his number and recommending!! Thank you, Dave.
The ambience was excellent, the food was subperb. I do recommend thus place if your ever in Vegas!
Best gelato so far~ the place is small but cozy. Lots of French patisseries and there's a free wifi.
I love this spot. Great food and drinks, and a great atmosphere for hanging out with some friends.
Great food and service super friendly. Here is an updated menu from what is posted here
Delicious and tasty sandwiches. Cute decor. Great service. Perfect lunch spot in downtown Mesa!
Wonderful service. Wonderful food. Very clean. My new favorite Thai place in Vegas !!!!  Yass
Bring back pizza fries! Disappointed they wont make them, after seeing a pic of them on Yelp
Good food, friendly and attentive service, good value for tasty food: we'll be back.
If you prefer a "hip" atmosphere to good food, you might like this place
Get the butcher board, sit at the bar and down a couple of their Eliot & Ambroses....you're set.
Just simple delicious street tacos and burritos. Open 24 hrs
A little overpriced and service isn't always the greatest but good food and drinks overall
Good selection of beers.  Easily bikeable.  Great porch.  And poutines!
Stay away from these unethical people. Owners should grow a conscience.
Love there happy hour pricing and the appetizers aren't bad. Great fried food I guess.
Good Food, nice people!!
I absolutely love this place. Paris Texas Burger with their homemade chips. To die for!
Horrible customer service . 50 minute wait just to drop off the phone and no one to take care of it
AMAZING place.  Great vibe, they could work on having more gluten free options.
go there for their fresh bagel in the morning! it really melts in your mouth!
Don't come to this one.  Go to buffalo.  Managers still need to train their haole front desk.
Best peanut sate in the City. Big portions, great quick service. Food came quick. Affordable $10.50
Very very good breakfast bagels!  We got bacon egg cheddar tomato on Sunnyside bagels!
Solid rotisserie chicken spot, for a decent price.
Garbage!  Very poor quality dollar store ingredients.  I paid $25 for a pile of puke.
Goooo Nicoley, you rock the socks off my feet.  Love coming here and seeing you all the time
Pretty good. They give ALOT of food. Service was good TRY THE POUTINE it was great!
Nothing better than fresh bread at Cardenas mmmm mmmm
Great service and fantastic new laser tag arena and equipment.
Great dental care plase with very kind and helpful staff
Cell phone department workers are fabulouso..:)
Excellent pizza and wings! Super fast service very friendly delivery person! Thank you!
Wish I discovered this place sooner. Best chicken strips/fries/bread and dip around. Yummm!!
Man this place is BOMB. They have a ton of salsas. I highly recommend it.
Solid Beer in a very fun spot! Recommend highly.
Very good salads and chicken dishes. Chill atmosphere. Nice staff. Cool regulars that are friendly.
Food was so  gooodd. Don't forget to try sea bass on a hot,long dish there
We had good and bad experience at cities. We will try one more time for Thanksgiving!!
Grabbing some Starbucks for our morning adventures. White hot chocolate and ice vanilla latte.
Samantha was a huge help taking care of my packaging needs. Very personable and highly attentive.
Awesome new spot! Clean and great food! Lovvvvvvvve the food!!! I wanted to go and order seconds
Best veal sandwiches in Durham. Love this place. Meat so tender and flavourful. Great toppings.
Great cleaning from Sandra at Maid Pro. My home is sparkling and smells great. Thanks Sandra!!!
They always have fresh orange chicken and everyone is super nice. I like their outside seating area.
Great homemade food. Will be back again to try the lunch menu. Breakfast was delicious.
Best place ever. Seriously. Everyone is really nice and they answer all your questions patiently.
Excellent service, great food, and very entertaining live music  will definitely come again!!
Tr s ravi
Love the menu, they give you a huge amount on your plate. and the inside is very inviting.
Great Staff!!! Very friendly. Found my missing receipt for me. They went above and beyond for me.
This place is great for kids, we went and had a blast!!!
Luis was amazing! Great service! I got all flat wings with no questions asked and a free drink cozy!
The oxtail fried rice is a must try, as well as the fried chicken! I will definitely come back!
Amazing customer service! If you have shoes that need fixin' ... Go here.
Better than fast food! Has a home/picnic taste to it rather than a commercial taste, recommend.
Wonderful weekend brunch on the patio! Great atmosphere, food and service! Will definitely be back.
Friendly but afternoon drive through was slow. Drink was accurate and yummy.
Best damn chorizo, egg and potato burrito I've ever had.  Next to my grandmother's of course.
Don't miss this place. Bartenders were super nice. Cocktails were well made and well priced.
Fletchers is no longer at this location. Now it is Firestone which is soooooo much better!
Really amazing chili cheese fries!
the Hawaiian pizza was really good. The place was super busy.  Would order again from this place.
Great service, very polite. Love it! Definitely one of the beat locations I've been to :3
Huge portions, great prices, and friendly faces. I recommend the veal parm sandwich
Great service. Great bloody mary's. Good prices. Huevos Rancheros is the best I have ever had!
The men's group meets on Thursday mornings.  Look forward to the new study that starts in March.
Absolutely love this place been going there for a few years now food's great bartenders are great
The irish stew is to die for! Packers bar on sundays. Great service, live entertainment, we love it!
Best lunch ever!!!!!! First time having Pho and I will be back again really soon.
Great moving company, totally recommend. Very polite, friendly and caring. Hard workers.
Great barista Dylan made my day with my Shaken Berry Sangria. Taste AWESOME!  Thank you so much
Had the edamame and california rolls. Good food. Ok service.
Great place! I always come here for the giant lobster cooked in many different ways.
Bring back the prairie grain salad!!!
Renovated again and also nice inside. This location gets hella busy.
Had the veggie Pad Thai.  I enjoyed the food and atmosphere a lot more than Khao San Road
Food was just ok for Saturday breakfast. Service was terrible and waitress a grumpy bi***
Clean room and updated accommodations. Took a star off for the breakfast prices and service.
Juice was thin and like vaping perfume. Carto leaked. Prices were very expensive.  Not good.
Descoberta super gostosa! Pedi o sandu che tradicional de carne defumada e n o me arrependi :)
Very unimpressed. Salad was stale and drenched with dressing, wings were gross. Not going back.
Best Poke on da 9th island hands down (chopsticks up).
Excellent drinks. Check-in on Yelp to get a free add-on, like boba. You can do this daily.
The best food with the largest portions & great prices...
Amazing loved the message had a great experience.  They were polite and professional.
Kelly is awesome, she did a wonderful job. I love my hair so much. Nobody is better than her
Good dinner at the bar. Food was good, 2 dollar can beers, awesome! Service was fare.
Excellent endroit, on nous traite avec prestige, on devient tr s excit  en entrant.
Great hole-in-the-wall! No atmosphere but terrific food!
Love the service my favorite pizza is Pizza Hut !  drivers are also prompt and courteous!
Very good coffee and well worth the wait.  Nice & clean environment with awesome music.
LOVE this place. There is no better place to watch football and the food has never been bad.
Favorite donut place ever!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it hahaha but for realz..
I love the Lad Na here so much that I had it twice in one day.  Great customer service!
Really good food and fair prices. Good environment and the staff is friendly as well.
YUMMY! We ordered the buffalo chicken, bbq chicken, and plain cheese pizzas. All were amazing!
We had flooded bathrooms at work.  Jorge came out same day and took care of it.  Great work!
Great mushroom tacos!! The food was very enjoyable and the service was speedy & efficient.
" The Doc" smoothie was my first ever at my local Juice Bar... Amazing!!! Can't wait for another!
Maxine great   Recommend her highly. Always colors my hair as I want it and cuts in just right
This is waay after the fact, but AMAZING food! Go for the seafood tower app. =D
Really great grocery store-great prices. However it is very large- be prepared for lots of walking!
Amazing! I had super woman! Her name was Amy! She was awesome, and crazy strong! Felt great!
This place is not only pho-nomenal but also pho-ntastic. You wont Pho-get this place anytime soon.
Amazing I love this place !!! I love there food !!!!! They have the best chow mein try it !
Great t-shirts, great customer service. I will definitely be buying from them again!
Much better this time on my latest experience on Christmas Day. My breakfast was excellent!
This restaurant was like a second home to me. Delicious and I miss it. Ted, please come back.
Nice options and you can even eat healthy if you want.  Good Salmon and Shrimp.
Aaaammmaaazzzing! Everything about this restaurant is above and beyond. Kale slaw = Love.
Chimi's are fantastic.  It suits the craving for hot fresh made mex.
 yeip PS: 6 6    .........................
Excellent service! Great food! Machaca beef chimmi and green chili Mac was delicious. Will be back!
Excellent food and great service.  Restaurant was a bit noisy, but the ambiance was still enjoyable.
